8tracks radio | whatever happens tomorrow, we had today. (17 songs) | free and music playlist ••• Sign up Log in Sign up Log In Get 8tracks plus Apps About Team Help [Admin] Advertising Licensing Copyright Terms Privacy Safe browse: OnOff Turn on safe browse to hide content that has been flagged by the community as not safe for work. Turn off safe browse to show content that has been flagged by the community as not safe for work. Log out Drop files here to add tracks or artwork to your playlist altqueen Play via YouTube OPEN IN APP NSFW Safe Is this playlist safe for work? gold whatever happens tomorrow, we had today. July 25, 2017 | 17 tracks |  1,187     166 | Stats Sleeping at Last Radical Face Benjamin Cooper indielovestudysleepromantic Liked Collect Share Edit Liked! Share this mix with friends: whatever happens tomorrow, we had today.     Wrong video Collect Share Liked! Share this mix with friends: Player Debug Information Can't play anything? Troubleshoot here ADVERTISEMENT by altqueen plus Follow Notes A lengthy indie playlist. Photo is from One Day, which is one of my favorite films. 17 tracks 2 comments on whatever happens tomorrow, we had today. daic2003 August 05, 2017 this is my favourite quote from this lovely movie. Thank you ⃠ altqueen plus August 05, 2017 @daic2003 Same! Happy you like it ⃠ whisperingss July 30, 2017 You have such a talent for giving your playlists names that capture the way the songs make me feel. I adore this playlist! ⃠ altqueen plus July 30, 2017 @karleesearle Thank you so much! This playlist name, in particular, is a quote from the film One Day. It's a fantastic film! It resonated with me so much that I simply had to base a playlist off of it. ⃠ whisperingss July 31, 2017 @altqueen So I was looking for a movie to watch last night and thought "what the heck, might as well give it a go" to One Day. All I can say is wow. Such a beautiful movie. It had me in pieces at the end, especially when the "whatever happens tomorrow, we had today" quote came up. ⃠ altqueen plus August 02, 2017 @karleesearle Ahh I'm so glad you watched it! It had me in shambles as well. :') The first time I watched it, I didn't expect that accident to happen (being vague so there's no spoilers for others). Somehow the movie tears me up even after watching it 3 or 4 times now. ⃠ Related Articles Seriously, Go Out And Vote election 2016 Grouplove Chance the Rapper indie chill study upbeat america Similar playlists warm heart, cold feet indie calm love chill indie folk The Love Letter You Never Sent acoustic indie sad love study Slow Down. indie slow acoustic calm love Related collections love writing by kaibie (3 playlists) goes where you go. Download one of our free music apps for iOS, Android, Windows 8 or Blackberry.  
