Troubleshoot | 8tracks radio ••• Sign up Log in Sign up Log In Get 8tracks plus Apps About Team Help [Admin] Advertising Licensing Copyright Terms Privacy Safe browse: OnOff Turn on safe browse to hide content that has been flagged by the community as not safe for work. Turn off safe browse to show content that has been flagged by the community as not safe for work. Log out Help Contact us FAQ Account How do I delete my profile? 1. Go to profile Settings (click on the thumbnail of your profile icon in the upper right corner on any page to reveal a dropdown menu). (Is this really what you want?) 2. Then choose Account from the menu on the right. (You’re sure? There’s still time to change your mind!) 3. Click the “Delete profile” button at the bottom of the page. (What you’re doing cannot be undone! Everything will be deleted FOREVER. Think of what you’re doing!) 4. Confirm by selecting the “Delete my profile” option (or “Cancel” if you’ve changed your mind). (Your account will now be deleted...FOREVER. We still love you, and we always will.) How do I change my username? I’m going into witness protection. That’s maybe a little more than we needed to know, but no problem: 1. Go to profile Settings (click on the thumbnail of your profile icon in the upper right corner on any page to reveal a dropdown menu). 2. Click Account. 3. Click Username. 4. Choose a new alias. 5. Save Settings. 6. Now you can focus on your disguise! Have you considered a monocle? How do I add an Artist, Label, or Music Blog badge to my profile? You don’t! But that doesn’t mean we don’t want you to have one. Just email info@8tracks.com with your request and a link to your 8tracks profile, so we can help. Please make sure to have links to your bios, and social media accounts so that fans can find you elsewhere too. How can I get 8tracks to stop publishing to my Facebook wall? If you log in to your mobile app through Facebook you can do it straight from the app: 1. Go to the main menu (click the icon in the upper left corner). 2. Then go to Settings. 3. Choose Facebook Settings, and make sure each option is turned off. In all other cases, please do it from our website: 1. Go to profile Settings (click on the thumbnail of your profile icon in the upper right corner on any page to reveal a dropdown menu). 2. Go to Profile & External accounts. 3. Uncheck the boxes that allow for Facebook publishing. 4. Refresh the page. How do I unsubscribe from your mailing list or turn off push notifications? Sorry if we’re overbearing. We don’t want to be a nag. Here’s what you do: 1. Go to profile Settings (click on the thumbnail of your profile icon in the upper right corner on any page to reveal a dropdown menu). 2. Click Account. 3. Click Notifications. 4. Uncheck the appropriate boxes. I’m a musician. How do I promote my music to the lovely people of 8tracks? Glad you asked! We love musicians because, well, you guys make the music and stuff. Start by making an 8tracks profile, if you haven’t already. Please make sure to include: -a full artist bio, -profile picture, -links for listeners to purchase your music, -social media accounts so that fans can find you elsewhere too. Then, email our friendly support staff at info@8tracks.com, and we’ll upgrade you to an ‘Artist' profile! Once that’s taken care of, here are some suggestions for promoting yourself within our community: -Create a playlist that includes some of your own material. It’s best to follow a theme like “chill” or “driving music” and add specific tags to make it searchable. -If you want to add more than 2 tracks of original content to a single playlist, you’ll have to reach out to our support staff again for assistance with that. -If there’s one particular song that you’d like to promote, make sure it’s the first track so people hear it immediately! -Avoid self-promotional images and content. -Share your 8tracks profile and playlist(s) on your own social media channels. -Listen to, comment on, and “like” playlists made by 8tracks DJs with similar tastes. -Check out a few examples of artists and labels already doing this: RAC OKAYPLAYER EDM How do I select which playlist comes on next? Look at you! This is the first step towards becoming an 8tracks DJ, and we're glad to see you take it. To curate your listening experience, all you have to do is create a collection. To create a collection: 1. Find a playlist you love. 2. Click on the playlist to make sure you're on the playlist page. 3. To the right of the playlist, you'll see a button that says "Collect." Click it. 4. A window will pop up that will allow you to either add that playlist to an existing collection you have, or you can create a new one by entering the name (e.g. "Summer chill music") in the input field and then clicking "Create." 5. Once you've added playlists to your collection, you'll be able to find it on your profile page under the tab "Collections." 6. When you click on the collection, you'll then be able to drag the playlists into the order you like, so you can create an extended listening experience that will keep you grooving all day. 7. Stay groovy. Troubleshooting I’m having trouble playing music on the website. What can I do? First, you’re going to want to make sure you have the latest version of Flash installed. You can grab that by clicking here. If that doesn’t do it, you can also clear your cache and cookies. Cache, cookies--say what? Here are some instructions on how to to do that: in Chrome in Firefox If all else fails, check another browser if you have one available. If it’s not working on any browser, write in to support@8tracks.com, let us know your operating system and what browsers you’ve tried along with a quick description of the problem, and we’ll help you sort it out. I’m having trouble playing music on the mobile app. Any tips? On Android Please check that you are running the latest version of Android's OS and our app Sometimes logging out and logging back in fixes errors Turn airplane mode on, and back off again If that doesn't do the trick, force quit the app. Go to Settings > Applications > 8tracks > Force Stop Last resort: Uninstalling and re-installing can help. If you still have issues please email support@8tracks.com and tell us your model number and Android version (under Settings > About Phone.) On iOS Please check that you are running the latest version of iOS and our app Sometimes logging out and logging back in fixes errors If that doesn't do the trick, force quit the app Last resort: Uninstalling and re-installing can help. If you still have issues please email support@8tracks.com Mix creation Why can't I get tracks to upload? First, make sure the files are compatible. The following file types are accepted for uploads: .mp3, .m4a, .aac, .mp4 Then, try the basic uploader, or if you’re on a Mac try dragging tracks from your desktop into your browser window. Usually that’s a magic cure. However, if neither of those work send an email to our help wizards at support@8tracks.com, and we should be able to fix it for you! Why aren't the songs I uploaded appearing in "My tracks"? Sometimes it takes a while for us to index newly-uploaded tracks, so first try refreshing your browser while making a playlist. If that doesn’t work, hang tight! They should appear soon. If they don’t, send a note to the support squadron at support@8tracks.com, and we’ll help you. Why isn't the Mac Uploader working? First, make sure you’re updated to the latest version. If you’re using an older version and it’s frozen solid, there are two ways you can go about fixing it: 1. Go to “Activity Monitor” (Applications/Utilities) and quit the uploader. From there you should be able to uninstall. 2. Go to “System Preferences” from the Mac menu in the top left of your screen, then click “Accounts”. Pick your user account and go to “Login Items” on the right. Uncheck the Uploader and restart your machine and you should be able to drag the app to the trash. If there’s still weird funky stuff going on, shoot an email to the magicians at support@8tracks.com, and they’ll help you out. Which are the best playlists on the site? Yours (followed closely by your "liked playlists"). Keep it up! How do I make a mix private/public? So you want to change things up and make your playlist private? When you’re on the playlist’s page: 1. Click the edit button, located to the right of the cover image. 2. Click the button in the top right corner that says “Publish/Unpublish” to make the playlist private 3. But don’t keep it private too long, we want to listen to it! Why can't I upload more than two tracks from the same artist? We love you guys and we want you to be happy, but our music license only allows a maximum of two songs from any given artist or album per playlist. We’re sorry, those are the rules we have to follow if we want to keep 8tracks legal and free, which we do. My playlist won’t save the edits I made. What’s happening? You might be looking at a cached/old version of your playlist. Try opening the playlist in a browser you don’t usually use (which could be fun, right?) or if you’re using Chrome, open the playlist in a new Incognito window (Cmd + Shft + N). If it still looks like your edits aren’t being saved, write an email to the support shamans at support@8tracks.com, who only want the best for you, and we’ll help you figure it out. These playlists are awesome. How do I make one? Straight to business, I like your style. Just a few easy steps: 1. First, you’re gonna want to create an 8tracks account. 2. Then, log in and click on your profile icon in the top right corner of the page and select “Create Playlist” from the drop-down menu. 3. This will bring you to your central command station: the Playlist Edit Page. 4. Now it’s time to bring the tunes into this. You have some options when it comes to this: Click the “Upload” button and find the tracks in your file directory, or drag tracks from a folder window or from your desktop onto the playlist editing page, and they’ll appear on your playlist through transdimensional wizardry or something. 5. Add at least 2 tags to your playlist. This is important - without tags, other users won’t be able to find your playlist and appreciate it for the timeless piece of art that it is. 6. Once your playlist is good to go, you should see a green “Publish” button in the top right corner of the screen. Click that and your playlist drops instantly (as long as you agree to our terms of service), ready to be discovered and adored by listeners all over the world. How do I make my playlist great/transcendent? Now that you’ve made a playlist, let’s make it an enduring work of art. Here’s how: 1. Give your playlist a title that will let people know immediately how awesome it’s going to be. Some suggestions: Jogging With Aliens, Morning Lattes with Barack Obama, Love Songs About Venomous Spiders, Breakup Songs About Venomous Spiders, etc. 2. Add some eye-popping cover art. Try to use as high a resolution as possible (we recommend at least 500x500) to make it the prettiest playlist at the school dance. 3. Write a description that captures your playlist’s essence. Talk about the music, moods, people, or whatever inspiration led to you making your playlist. Legal stuff Why can’t I see the track listing before I listen to a playlist? Our music license doesn’t allow us to show the tracks of a playlist before you listen to it. On the bright side, it makes every track on the playlist a little surprise party! Why do you shuffle the order of tracks on a playlist on the second listen? Our music license requires that we shuffle the tracks the second time you listen through a playlist. Why can't I skip through tracks, or go back and replay a song I liked? Again, this is because of our music license (sorry). For more information on how exactly 8tracks is legal and the rules we have to follow to keep it that way, see our Licensing page. Why did you mark my playlist non-compliant? Are you mad at me? Of course not! We could never be mad at you. You mean too much to us. Most likely your playlist was marked non-compliant because you have more than two tracks from the same artist or album or you included the tracklist in the cover, which unfortunately is not allowed under our license. If you don’t think your playlist violated the terms of service, then let us know! Send an email into the loving arms of our team at support@8tracks.com, and we’ll see what we can do. Make sure to include a direct link to your playlist in the email. What does 8tracks consider abuse? As long as you’re using the comments to interact with your fellow 8tracks DJs and be a part of the community, you’re probably fine. But the following are definitely abuses of the comments section: Posting commercial links. Promoting personal websites. Spamming comments with links to your own playlist(s) (Seriously, please don’t do this).* Requesting that someone send you a tracklist and/or download links for files (this is also, technically speaking, piracy). *However, it’s cool to send a link to a playlist if you’ve listened to a user’s playlist and think they would like it. That’s just sharing music and being friends. What happens to me if I abuse the comments? WE THROW YOU IN THE DUNGEONS! Just kidding - but here’s a breakdown: If an account looks like a spambot, we’ll delete it. Otherwise... 1. If we see one or two abusive posts from a user, we’ll delete the individual comments. 2. After more than one or two abusive posts, we’ll send an email asking that you save commenting for feedback on playlists. 3. If you keep posting abusive posts in the comments, we may take action against your account (meaning we’ll probably delete it). But you won’t do any of those things, so you won’t have to worry about it, right? Right. What's the deal with Skip Limits? Internet radio services that operate under the compulsory license have to report all tracks played and pay the proper royalty rights owners. They also have to follow a set of rules: unlike the on-demand music services you know and love, our skip limit rules require us to limit the number of times you can skip tracks. We want you to have the best experience possible on 8tracks, so we’d like to explain those requirements a bit better. In any given listening session: • You can skip no more than 3 tracks per playlist • You can skip no more than 6 tracks per hour • Start a new session by selecting a new playlist   A few other things to note: • You cannot see the track list in advance of playback • You can listen to no more than 4 tracks by the same artist in a 3-hour period • You can listen to no more than 3 tracks from the same album in a 3-hour period • You can listen to a playlist no more than once in an 8-hour period • We shuffle a playlist if you listen to it more than once (kind of like the radio in your car, or a brand new mixtape -- you never know what’s going to come up next) Miscellaneous How do I embed the 8tracks player on my site? Tumblr: Click the Tumblr button in the playlist page share options, or click the "Embed" button on any playlist page, customize and copy the embed code, then post as a video from your Dashboard. Blogger/personal site: Click the "Embed" button on any playlist page and copy and paste the code into the HTML editor of your blog. This may not work for some custom backends, so contact support@8tracks.com if this is the case and we can try to help make it work for you. Wordpress: Click the "Embed" button on any playlist page and select the "Wordpress Shortcode" option under "Technology." If you're using the wordpress.org software on a self-hosted site, you'll need to install the 8tracks plugin for Wordpress. What does NSFW mean? “Not Safe For Work” - as in the playlist contains adult/naughty content. If you post, see, or hear a playlist with adult content, please click the flag to mark it as NSFW. What's up with these listening limits? Simply put, streaming is expensive. So expensive that, to date, no digital music service is generating a profit. Larger services have raised billions to fund continued losses, but even with our recent crowdfunding, 8tracks has raised only $5m over the last decade. We want to build a sustainable path for 8tracks to be enjoyed by everyone for years to come. In the US, we cannot make enough from ads to support our costs. To ensure 8tracks can survive and thrive, we’ve introduced a weekly 1-hour limit on free, ad-supported streaming to reduce our royalty costs and encourage listeners to subscribe to 8tracks Plus. Due to substantially lower local royalty rates, listeners in Canada will not experience limits (but can subscribe to remove advertising, as before). By subscribing to 8tracks Plus, a listener can not only remove the weekly listening limit but also get these perks on all our platforms: -Ad-free listening, always -No interruptions between playlists -Animated gifs for your playlist artwork -A flashy badge to show off to your friends and admirers If you’ve contributed your time and passion to 8tracks by creating awesome playlists, we also want to ensure your contribution is properly recognized. Any DJ who’s received... -100+ likes across all of their playlists gets 2X the normal weekly listening limit (2 hours) -1,000+ likes across all of their playlists gets 3X the normal weekly listening limit (3 hours) -10,000+ gets free 8tracks Plus in perpetuity (just like our investors) While we wish we didn’t have to introduce limits on ad-based listening, we’re pleased to be able to offer a better user experience for all investors, many of our DJs, and a growing number of our devoted listeners, all while ensuring a healthy future for the service and community. Want more details? Read our CEO & founder’s post here. What is 8tracks Plus? It’s our premium service that gives you these pretty sweet perks on all our platforms: -Ad-free listening, always -Unlimited streaming hours -No interruptions between playlists -Animated gifs for your playlist artwork -A flashy badge to show off to your friends and admirers Start a free trial here: http://8tracks.com/plus What in the heck are certifications? And what makes a playlist a gem? There are 3 levels of certifications, based on record sale certifications: -Gold: 100 likes -Platinum: 1,000 likes -Diamond: 10,000 likes -Gem: Think of this as a “diamond in the rough,” a great playlist that doesn’t necessarily have a lot of likes, but has a high plays-to-likes ratio. Is 8tracks AirPlay enabled? Yes, indeed it is. To enable AirPlay: 1. Make sure your iOS device is on the same WiFi network as your AirPlay-enabled device. 2. On your iOS device, find the playlist you want to listen to. 3. On this page, swipe the control center into view from the bottom of the screen (this is the screen where you can adjust brightness, volume, etc.). 4. You should see an AirPlay button in the control center. If you don't, repeat step 1. Otherwise, enjoy! How do I filter adult content? If you don’t want to see content like that, you can go to your Settings page and set your account to filter out all the content deemed by the community to be NSFW. For more info, check out our content policy. 8tracks, do you love me? Yes. Outside the US & Canada? Please read our blog post to learn about some very important changes to our international streaming policies. Troubleshoot Having trouble playing mixes? Maybe it's a problem with Flash. You can try switching to HTML5 Mode Switch back to Flash Mode OKFAILN/AUnknownSoundManager 2 start-up If you're seeing a failure, refer to the below for troubleshooting details for common causes. OKErrorN/AUnknownFlash The Flash 8 plugin is a minimal requirement for SoundManager 2, but the exact requirement varies based on soundManager.flashVersion. You are currently using [unknown]. OKErrorN/AUnknownFlash SWF If the Flash movie URL is OK, Flash security or flash blockers are the likely cause. Check the section below. OKErrorN/AUnknownFlash -> JS Once the flash component of SM2 has loaded, it tries to make a call to Javascript-land. This is a common point of failure, for security reasons: Flash blockers (FlashBlock, "click to flash" etc.) preventing flash load and start-up - need whitelisting/"allow this domain" to work smoothly. If you suspect blocking is the issue, try the SoundManager 2 Flashblock demo. See Flash debug output for more security error details. Flash Blockers Browser extensions/add-ons like "FlashBlock" and "click to flash" can prevent the .SWF from loading, and this will mean SM2 will time-out and fail waiting for a response from Flash. For development, it's best to whitelist the domain(s) or the .SWF for SM2 to allow it to work. Have a flash blocker installed? Want to test it? Try the SoundManager 2 Flashblock demo. OKErrorN/AUnknownJS -> Flash At this point, Javascript attempts to respond to Flash's initial outgoing Flash -> JS call, completing the test for JS/flash communication. If SM2 does not receive a response from flash, it will eventually fail. Offline viewing conditions and cross-domain security rules will prevent Flash <-> JS communication. See the details of Flash -> JS for information. OKErrorN/AUnknownSound test Here, a simple createSound() call is made to test SM2's actual operation. A sound should load and play provided SM2 was able to start successfully. Adapted from the SoundManager2 troubleshooter by Scott Schiller. Flash detection code from Flash Detect (featureblend.com) Debug Output Common problems I can't see a play button or any other controls You probably don't have the flash plugin installed. Get it here. I click play and a track name appears but nothing plays and the spinner just keeps spinning You probably have FlashBlock, ClickToFlash, or a similar browser plugin. You'll have to add '8tracks.com' to the whitelist. In Firefox, go to Tools->Add-Ons. Find the plugin and click 'preferences'. Go to the whitelist tab and add '8tracks.com'. I'm using Internet Explorer 6 (or 7) and We recommend that you update to Internet Explorer 8 or switch to Firefox or Google Chrome. If you're stuck on IE6, you can try using Google Chrome Frame, which works as a plugin for IE6/7/8. I'm having trouble uploading tracks If tracks are uploading but not appearing in the 'Your tracks' tab, check for them under the 'Network' tab — they may be hiding there. If you are uploading songs but getting errors after the songs complete, check to make sure that you are only uploading DRM-free files in .mp3 or .aac format. If you cannot successfully upload any songs, try using our basic uploader, which may cure problems related to Adobe Flash. If you still can't resolve your problem, send a message to support@8tracks.com, including a screenshot or the text output of the debugger on this page.  
