8tracks playlist radio - Android Apps on Google Play Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot it My Account Search Maps YouTube Play News Gmail Drive Calendar Google+ Translate PhotosMore Shopping Wallet Finance Docs Books Blogger Contacts Hangouts KeepEven more from Google Sign in Hidden fields Search Apps My apps Shop Games Family Editors' Choice Movies & TV My movies & TV Shop TV Family Studios Networks Music My music Shop Books My books Shop Comics Textbooks Children's Books Newsstand My newsstand Shop Devices Shop Entertainment Account Redeem Buy gift card My wishlist My Play activity Parent Guide Categories Android Wear Art & Design Auto & Vehicles Beauty Books & Reference Business Comics Communication Dating Education Entertainment Events Finance Food & Drink Health & Fitness House & Home Libraries & Demo Lifestyle Maps & Navigation Medical Music & Audio News & Magazines Parenting Personalization Photography Productivity Shopping Social Sports Tools Travel & Local Video Players & Editors Weather Games Action Adventure Arcade Board Card Casino Casual Educational Music Puzzle Racing Role Playing Simulation Sports Strategy Trivia Word Family Ages 5 & Under Ages 6-8 Ages 9 & Up Action & Adventure Brain Games Creativity Education Music & Video Pretend Play Home Top Charts New Releases Settings Android Device Manager 8tracks playlist radio 73,658 8tracks Music & Audio Everyone Contains ads Loading device compatibility... Add to Wishlist Adding... Added to Wishlist Remove Removing... Item added to wishlist. Item removed from wishlist. 1 Install 8tracks is the best playlist radio app for people who care about music to make & discover refreshingly human playlists. Want a music player to help you listen to a playlist for a study, workout, yoga, or dating session? Looking for free music to stream like radio? 8tracks is the top music app to discover independent hip hop, EDM, indie rock, dubstep, jazz and many more genres. Choose from nearly 2 million free playlists, each lovingly handcrafted by a real-life human being who listens to music as much as you. Enjoy millions of free songs curated by people around the world. What’s different: - Free radio app - Audio ad free, pure uninterrupted streaming radio unlike Pandora - Music community sharing and discovering new indie songs - Creative playlists with a “soul” behind the music - Music discovery for every imaginable genre, mood, or activity worldwide - Less repetition - YouTube integration Join 8tracks’ global community of 8 million monthly listeners and DJs. Stream for free today. New in 3.3: ✓ Mama got a new look, trying to get our sexy on with a slightly new look ✓ Told some bugs to get lost and never show their sorry faces in this town again New in 3.2: ✓ Slightly updated material design, slightly sexier app ✓ Now displaying artist info so you can learn more about the people behind the music you love ✓ Favorite tracks from your notification screen so you don’t even have to go back into the app to show some love ✓ Onboarding screens where we lovingly teach you how to lovingly use the app that loves you back ✓ Told some bugs to get lost and never show their sorry faces in this town again New in 3.1: ✓ We added Chromecast support, so now you can beam 8tracks playlists to your TV Starship Enterprise-style. ✓ Those bugs that were giving you trouble? We told ‘em to scram! ✓ You can once again sort by trending, newest, and popular. We’re giving the power back to the people. New in 3.0: ✓ Momma’s beautiful new look ain't nothing to shy away from ✓ Animated playlist covers like we’re in Harry Potter or something ✓ 8tracks Timeline: review playlists you’ve heard and upcoming playlists, travel through time and space ✓ New Home screen: automatically shows what you listen to most ✓ Sleep timer: go to sleep whenever the heck you want without leaving the app running ✓ Tumblr sharing, in addition to Facebook, Twitter, text, email, link, Tinder (just kidding…maybe) ✓ Performance improvements and bugs swatted ✓ Sidebar access to your playlist collections Read more My review Review from Reviews 4.3 73,658 total 5 44,873 4 15,237 3 5,791 2 2,857 1 4,900 Helpfulness Newest Rating Helpfulness bright star Is there a limit to how many playlists can go in a collection? I want to clean up my likes, but I tried to put like 75(ish?) In a collection but now it says there's 15 in it. Other than that the app is great! Maybe you can add the "add to collection option" next. Its OK if you can't, the app is still good Zoei Krohling Used to love 8tracks. Listen, I get it. Streaming is pretty cashless in the long run. It's understandable, you're a business. But the fact of the matter is, you don't get money out of supporters by reducing what they can do without cash. That is how you drive out a fanbase. I was even considering getting a plus account until you decided to shove limits down our throats...and only an hour of streaming a week? Come on, I did that in a night. I think I'll take my playlists elsewhere. No more unlimited listening I loved this app, I used it as my primary way of listening to music. But now unless I pay there is only 2 hour a week of listening. There is no way, I use more than that in a day. Especially during finals. I don't want to see 8tracks die, but I'm going to have to get my music somewhere else and I'm guessing a lot of other people will too Emily Baker I love 8tracks, but the app isn't so great. I only recently discovered 8tracks, and I love that I can listen to music I can't really listen to on other streaming sites like Pandora and Spotify. However, I feel that the app needs a lot of work. I often can't pause music, or unpause it, without it glitching. Also, there are a lot of limits in the app as compared to the full site. For example, I would like to be able to add play lists to my collection in the app, or search specific users or terms. Overall though, it works well enough, and I'm satisfied. Jessie Stanley Disappointed I have been listening for years. I was cool with the ads because I get it you need to make money but to limit the time you can listen is so not cool. I loved this app for just that that I could listen however long I wanted. If you guys need more money up the ads don't limit the music that was why 8track was different then the rest now it's just another money sucking app. Goodbye my old friend goodbye. 😔 Kacie gasaway Used 8tracks for years I have been an avid listener for years, talking it up to people who haven't ever heard of it. I was surprised this morning to find my music was capped to 30 minutes a week unless I upgrade. I was alright with their addition to ads because hey, we all gotta make money. So now I'm switching to another free streaming service. User reviews bright star May 18, 2017 Is there a limit to how many playlists can go in a collection? I want to clean up my likes, but I tried to put like 75(ish?) In a collection but now it says there's 15 in it. Other than that the app is great! Maybe you can add the "add to collection option" next. Its OK if you can't, the app is still good Full Review Zoei Krohling January 17, 2017 Used to love 8tracks. Listen, I get it. Streaming is pretty cashless in the long run. It's understandable, you're a business. But the fact of the matter is, you don't get money out of supporters by reducing what they can do without cash. That is how you drive out a fanbase. I was even considering getting a plus account until you decided to shove limits down our throats...and only an hour of streaming a week? Come on, I did that in a night. I think I'll take my playlists elsewhere. Full Review December 2, 2016 No more unlimited listening I loved this app, I used it as my primary way of listening to music. But now unless I pay there is only 2 hour a week of listening. There is no way, I use more than that in a day. Especially during finals. I don't want to see 8tracks die, but I'm going to have to get my music somewhere else and I'm guessing a lot of other people will too Full Review Emily Baker January 6, 2017 I love 8tracks, but the app isn't so great. I only recently discovered 8tracks, and I love that I can listen to music I can't really listen to on other streaming sites like Pandora and Spotify. However, I feel that the app needs a lot of work. I often can't pause music, or unpause it, without it glitching. Also, there are a lot of limits in the app as compared to the full site. For example, I would like to be able to add play lists to my collection in the app, or search specific users or terms. Overall though, it works well enough, and I'm satisfied. Full Review Jessie Stanley December 9, 2016 Disappointed I have been listening for years. I was cool with the ads because I get it you need to make money but to limit the time you can listen is so not cool. I loved this app for just that that I could listen however long I wanted. If you guys need more money up the ads don't limit the music that was why 8track was different then the rest now it's just another money sucking app. Goodbye my old friend goodbye. 😔 Full Review Kacie gasaway December 5, 2016 Used 8tracks for years I have been an avid listener for years, talking it up to people who haven't ever heard of it. I was surprised this morning to find my music was capped to 30 minutes a week unless I upgrade. I was alright with their addition to ads because hey, we all gotta make money. So now I'm switching to another free streaming service. Full Review Brenden Simmons April 14, 2017 I've been using this app since 2011 while on deployments, gym, shooting, running, ect. It was literally one of my favorite apps on my phone. Best for the gym, or long runs. I recently recommend it to a friend. He came back the next day and informed me about the 2 hours of limited time, before it asks for $9.99 a month. I didn't believe him at first but once he showed me, it was an immediate uninstall. Ok, so the crazy part is that the people (ie the users) makes the playlist, not 8 tracks. So what am I paying this company for. I ALREADY am dealing with the ads and not be able to skip tracks more than 3 times. I will uninstall before I have to pay $10 a month. I will go to Pandora, or Spotify which both have a much easier usability on their mobile app. Please fix and I'll be happy to use again. Full Review Brian Johnson February 25, 2017 I used to listen to this a long time ago. Before it was overloaded with ads and as I just found out a time limit of how much you can listen to it. I'm not sure who the idiot is that thought of that idea but it was a dumb one. So not only do you have to watch video ads you actually have to subscribe if you want to continue listening. You have to listen to ads as well. Ridiculous.hmmm I wonder where else I can go to stream free music until my time limit is up? What a joke. Full Review December 19, 2016 I downloaded this app to listen to some playlists and find some songs that might catch my fancy. However, there seems to be a major problem with volume. It lowers the music down a bunch and a few seconds later it'll jack it up to where it hurts my ears. This has never happened to my phone before while using other music apps, so I hope you at least check just in case something is wrong. Full Review Ezekiel Morrow December 11, 2016 Have to pay to listen now? I used to love 8tracks, but limiting it just isn't cool. I understand the need of money, but isn't that what ads are for? I'm sure there are also people who would be happy to pay money if there was an optional way to pay to support 8tracks like donations or subscription to be able to listen to a soundtrack as many times as they want rather than the "play 2 times then wait 8 hours" block you had. There are tons of people who won't use this anymore, including me. A very counterproductive change. Full Review Ikinabi May 23, 2017 Love 8 Tracks to death. I have a subscription, and it's well worth the pay, versus ten bucks a month for Pandora. The only problem I've really faced is the lack of a working sleep timer. Please, good lord fix this, I'm sick of my recently listened to bring cluttered with playlists I've never touched. Other than that, good work. Full Review Sly Fox December 8, 2016 Listening cap and forcing subscription They recently put a listening cap on 8tracks. One that only resets once the week is over and only allows 2 hours of listening per week. The only way around the cap is to buy a monthly($5) or yearly($30) subscription. Two hours is too low of a listening time. People will be lucky to get 2-4 playlists listened to. All in all, I am beyond disappointed and will discontinue use of 8tracks for these super limited changes. Full Review Un .Forastero April 3, 2017 When they decided that skipping should be limited, fine. When you could only listen to a playlist again when the music is shuffled, understandable.Then when you weren't allowed to listen to a playlist again until you wait 8 hours, alright I'll just deal with it. But only 1 hour for a whole week of listening???? Really loved it up to the this point. I'd rather 8 tracks not have to die but until this whole "only 1 hour a week" thing is gone or resolved, I don't plan on using it. Full Review Mizz January 8, 2017 Listening cap While this never affected me personally it is a horrible buissness practice that I strongly disapprove of. I understand that you probably lost money due to people purposely reloading to avoid ads but in all honesty that had more to do with the fact that these ads never worked in the first place. If you really want to gain more money consider fixing that service before you condemn your users. Full Review Y Rodri January 12, 2017 "Glitches" tricks and traps! After using this app for a year it has gotten worse and worse! Somehow they've managed to make the system continually skip songs on itself and email CS and they're reply is "waiting for update". After this point (6 mnths later) and getting the same response 8+ times from them it is CLEARLY EVIDENT that they don't plan on fixing this. All tracks skip by itself then you can't listen to playlist thus forcing you to pay for unlimite and it is just "Glitched" LMFAO Full Review Aubrei Perkins December 27, 2016 Never switches songs properly whenever I switch apps. Always says there's no Internet connection even when I'm connected to my wifi or 4g. Always skipping tracks or saying an error has occurred. Overall, a terrible app. Nothing like it used to be. Full Review Nyjzell Greene July 31, 2017 Who did you sell this too? How did you guys manage to take a brilliant app and destroy it completely? Are you paying people to write good reviews for you? Because everything sucks and the only thing that's saving this app is the people who make the playlist, but please if someone is a developer please make an app just like this without the 30 min listening a week and 6 slips per hour, and the disconnecting of the Bluetooth and the constant automatic skips for no reason. Please someone make this app but better because the developers have given up improving and destroyed this app. Full Review Amber Heidenreiter December 31, 2016 Ok but why Honestly, this used to be my preferred method of music listening, especially because I could find playlists that pertained exactly to whatever artistic work I was doing at the time. But really? 2 hours? For an ENTIRE week? 2 hours for a whole day doesn't even make sense. I sincerely hope another service like this pops up, because this was such a great concept that has been completely ruined. Good job. U did it. Full Review Ameet Kang May 9, 2017 Love the website, but the app is terrible. I don't use the 8tracks app very often just because of how terrible it is compared to the website. When I search for playlists, I want to be able to sort by hot or popular playlists. I don't want to listen to playlists that have 3 plays and 0 likes. Please, figure out a way to show more relevant playlists. Full Review Ryan Walton August 2, 2017 I think the ability to tag tracks has much potential, but I'm not sure it's being fully realized by this app. Personal tags vs. public, playlist tags, and public tag review would improve this. Low quality tags hurt the system, so should require approval by peers to help confirm their quality. Still has some bugs, but seems like a good app, and is free, so some issues can be forgiven. Full Review Emma Norris April 18, 2017 I used to talk 8tracks up to all of my friends because of how easy it was to find new music and artists. Capping people's time unless they pay is ridiculous and wrong. I understand that you need to make money, but this will just drive new users away. Full Review Camille Cortez December 5, 2016 Used to be great This was my absolute favorite app to listen to music a few years ago. When it started getting ads I didn't mind too much but recently they've begun only allowing 30 minutes of free streaming a week unless you pay for a subscription. If I'm going to pay for something I'd rather get Spotify as it's basically the same thing with better features. Full Review Ashwin Nayak December 4, 2016 By far the best collection of playlists. I love this app and am an avid user. Love listening to people's playlists and choices. Btw, there's some issue with the notification widget in the recent update. Play/Pause doesn't seem to work as it should. It'd be appreciated if this bug is fixed soon. Full Review July 15, 2017 I didn't even know this company was still online, they emailed me 17 days after they were hacked to let me know my information that i thought was deactivated was in fact hacked. i would not trust them Full Review Harper Grace August 1, 2017 Loved this app for 3+ years, didn't mind the adds between playlists or in the app itself, but this limited listening thing is absolute bs. I understand the point of it, but to force users to pay in order to get than an HOUR for an entire WEEK? Scummy and low. Will be moving to an app that doesn't punish it's unpaid users Full Review Megan Whitten April 11, 2017 I love this app, I do, but but recently this app is getting extremely annoying. Ever since the new update it is constantly skipping tracks for no reason, can't load half of the playlists and then just crashes whenever it pleases. I think I've only been able to have the app play a playlist the whole way through once since the new update. Full Review Joey Morin April 22, 2017 Yes ! Do download! !!... but plz programmers make this app worm on my phone Samsung Galaxy s6 active... very disappointed in not being able to sign in. I used to play this app 24/7... wtf, plz fix Full Review Ryan Osman January 31, 2017 Would be five stars if they didn't push video ads on a music platform... requiring me to watch 30 sec videos before being able to close my screen. What a joke. Terrible marketing, honestly. Hopefully a developer reads this... Full Review Emma Phillips December 8, 2016 Very disappointed... I loved 8tracks as a concept and used to use it regularly. I've discovered tons of great music and have written many papers and studied for many tests using playlists that I found on it. It was my go to for music for productivity but 30 minutes of listening per WEEK is just insultingly low. Most mixes are at least twice that long. I don't see myself buying the premium service so I'll have to find an alternative. Full Review Marley H December 9, 2016 Used to love it. 8tracks used to be the best way to listen to music, but the new listening cap is the worst decision they could have made. Their user base wasn't large to begin with, but it's even more limited now with their 2 hour a week cap. I Don't think I'll make anymore playlist for this app ever again. Full Review Shane Hutchings February 21, 2017 In a world of music aps, there lay one galaxy that possess thy one an only best music Playlist app ever, 8 tracks, a Playlist for every mood, a Playlist for everything. When you thought there were no good music aps left, 8 tracks is there to change that. Used to this way. Now a days, this APP IS A MONEY SUCKING, TWO HOUR A WEEK B.S Full Review Tobi L December 5, 2016 Dissapointed I used to love 8tracks, but this app bugs out on me VERY regularly, and has been for over a year (despite switching phones.) Plus the new stupid idea to force you to pay to listen to more than an hour or two of music. 8tracks is really deadset on making their site and app as unusable and unappealing as possible, so like a lot of people I'll be looking for a replacement :/ Full Review Sarah Gariepy May 7, 2017 8tracks is great but this app sucks. Glitches out all the time, cuts out constantly, randomly will start playing again, and I have to manually crash it and restarted all the time to get it to work Full Review Stefany Hatfield July 4, 2017 The app has started randomly de-syncing from Bluetooth since 8tracks started showing ads. It gets a little annoying reconnecting my headphones or stereo every time an ad pops up. I love the playlists, but the app has been getting worse. Full Review December 15, 2016 Updated to newest version - the non-functional sleep timer and invasive ads still have not been fixed yet. In fact, some random dubstep crap just interrupted a playlist of ambient music I was listening to to study at 2x the volume I'd been listening to. Had to throw my headphones off because it wouldn't stop. I don't care what the state of your funding is, ads like that are inexcusable. Was 2 stars, but that crap made it 1. Will change if you fix it. Full Review Izze T December 22, 2016 Good music, a lot of problems I understand adding the ads. It's inconvenient that people can't listen for more than 2 hours or less and can't listen to the same album right away once you've gone through it once. But my problem is that whenever I'm listening to music and not in the app, whether it's from my lock screen or when I pull down the notification bar, I can't seem to pause my music from the notification thing it gives me. I'll press the pause button, it'll flash to pause, the music will stop for a split second, then play again. Full Review David Timmreck December 7, 2016 Used to be great I've used this app for years and loved it. Now that it sold out it's horrible. The limits on your music suck, the ads that play over music suck. I think it's time to find something else. You had a good run 8tracks Full Review Jesse Bilenki January 19, 2017 Used to love this app would always use but now....No Internet it constantly says. Skips songs now. Limits on time you can listen. Adds. Now only way to get good service is to pay. Can't wait till a copy cat app shows up. Full Review Kayl Eubanks January 17, 2017 1 hour per week limit ruins the entire community. They've effectively driven away casual users and closed themselves off from new users. It's a shame to lose these playlists and a waste of memory on your tech now. Find a different app for free music streaming. Full Review Paulina Velma May 18, 2017 I don't know WHAT you guys did, but the last update makes 8tracks take *forever* to load and start the app - I now give up waiting for it every time and use a different app. A shame because I love mobile 8tracks. Tried reinstalling and it still gets stuck on stupid loading screens. I'm on a LG G4. Hate whatever you guys did to ruin the app for me. Full Review Review deleted What's New This is a small update which removes some problematic ads and aims to improve some playback issues in the app. If you are experiencing problems, you can contact us at mobile_support@8tracks.com. Read more Additional information Updated November 22, 2016 Installs 5,000,000 - 10,000,000 Current Version 3.3.8 Requires Android 4.0 and up Content Rating Everyone Learn more Permissions View details Report Flag as inappropriate Offered By 8tracks Developer Visit website Email support@8tracks.com Privacy Policy Similar See more Pre-ordered iHeartRadio Free Music & Radio iHeartMedia, Inc. 1 Free The best live radio stations and unlimited music in one app! 1 Free Pre-ordered SoundCloud - Music & Audio SoundCloud 1 Free The world’s largest audio and music streaming platform, with over 150M tracks 1 Free Pre-ordered Spotify Music Spotify Ltd. 1 Free Spotify gives you instant access to millions of songs on your Android device. 1 Free Pre-ordered Jango Radio Jango.com 1 Free Jango Radio streams personalized radio to your Android device absolutely free. 1 Free Pre-ordered Pandora Music Pandora 1 Free Play radio stations and find new music based on your favorite songs and artists 1 Free Pre-ordered Music Streaming, Songs, Albums & Radio Deezer Mobile 1 Free Find your Favourite Song or Album ♪ Listen, Download or Play Custom Playlists 1 Free Pre-ordered Shazam - Discover Music Shazam Entertainment Limited 1 Free GIVE AN ANSWER TO: “WHAT’S THAT SONG?" 1 Free Pre-ordered InfiniTracks Smithy Productions 1 Free The 8tracks you know and love, just better 1 Free Pre-ordered Mixcloud - Radio & DJ mixes Mixcloud 1 Free Mixcloud is a free radio platform. 1 Free Pre-ordered Gaana Music: Bollywood Songs & Radio Times Internet Limited 1 Free Play free Music. Download Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada & English* MP3 Songs. 1 Free Pre-ordered Pindrop Music -smart playlists PindropMusic 1 Free Listen to Music suggested by your friends and other users based on your mood!! 1 Free Pre-ordered Melody - Spotify & iHeartRadio Speak Music 1 Free Use voice commands to play any song, artist, playlist and radio. No more typing! 1 Free Pre-ordered Shazam Encore Shazam Entertainment Limited 1 $2.99 Shazam Encore - the best of Shazam without the ads! 1 $2.99 Pre-ordered Playmoss: The Playlists Home Playmoss 1 Free Impossible Playlists 1 Free Pre-ordered Free music for YouTube: Stream MWM - Best free music and audio apps for Android 1 Free Floating pop-up YouTube music video Player: free & nonstop music listening! 1 Free Pre-ordered Skyrock Radio Telefun 1 Free Twitter is the world's urban radio. 1 Free Show More ©2017 Google Site Terms of Service Privacy Developers Artists About Google By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments Terms of Service and Privacy Notice .
