8tracks Playlist Radio - Top Music App on the App Store Open Menu Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Search apple.com Shopping Bag Overview Music Video Charts Opening the iTunes Store.If iTunes doesn't open, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop.Progress Indicator Opening the iBooks Store.If iBooks doesn't open, click the iBooks app in your Dock.Progress Indicator iTunes iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection. We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app 8tracks Playlist Radio - Top Music App by 8tracks Inc., get iTunes now. Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now. iTunes for Mac + PC 8tracks Playlist Radio - Top Music App By 8tracks Inc. View More by This Developer Open iTunes to buy and download apps. Description “8TRACKS IS THE FUTURE OF RADIO” –Pete Tong | BBC Radio 1 Imagine if every time you wanted to listen to a good playlist, someone gave you the perfect handmade mixtape. Welcome to 8tracks – the best place to discover & share playlists made by people. Explore more than 3 million free playlists, all handcrafted by real people who love music as much as you. Need music for a study, workout, or chill session? Want happy, dance, or dating songs to fit your mood? A DJ on 8tracks has a mix for whatever you’re feeling. Each playlist on 8tracks tells a story, and the person who crafted it represents a soul and personality behind the music. “PANDORA’S YOUNGER, COOLER SISTER” –David Porter | 8tracks 8tracks is the best music app to discover independent rock, hip-hop, electronic, fanmixes and more. Download today and listen to playlists with every artist, genre, activity & mood imaginable. “IT’S THE MOST INDIE INTERNET RADIO YOU CAN EVER ASK FOR” –Pierce Manlangit Listen completely free with ads & limits, or upgrade to 8tracks Plus for unlimited, ad-free listening. Perks for free listeners: • Discover mixes for every imaginable artist, genre, mood or activity under the sun • Explore and save creative playlists with a “soul” behind the music • Fun music community, discovering and sharing new songs together • Crazy-good personalized playlist recommendations • Less repetition than other apps • Sleep timer & YouTube integration 8tracks Plus subscribers get these extra-special perks on all our platforms: • Unlimited listening • Banish all the ads • No interruptions between playlists • Use animated gifs on your playlists • Get a flashy badge to show off to your friends and admirers • Support independent radio and the artists you love “8TRACKS IS MORE THAN JUST A MUSIC SERVICE – IT’S A REAL COMMUNITY BUILT ON A SHARED LOVE OF MUSIC” –Steve Aoki | Dim Mak Records Join millions of listeners & DJs at 8tracks and discover your next favorite playlist today. ******** 8tracks Plus billing plans: • One month billing: $4.99 • Two month billing: $9.99 • Annual billing for full Plus subscription: $39.99 • Annual billing for ad-free on iOS only: $19.99 8tracks Plus subscriptions renew automatically at the end of each billing period from the date of sign-up. You can cancel anytime and will continue to receive the benefits of 8tracks Plus through the end of the current billing period, irrespective of cancellation date. More 8tracks Plus subscription details: • Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase • Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period • Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal • Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase 8tracks Plus FAQ: https://8tracks.com/plus_faq Privacy policy: https://8tracks.com/privacy Terms of use: https://8tracks.com/terms Love 8tracks? Say hi on Twitter: http://twitter.com/8tracks Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/8tracks Follow us on Tumblr: http://8tracks.tumblr.com Explore our website: https://8tracks.com 8tracks Playlist Radio - Top Music App SupportApplication License Agreement What's New in Version 3.3.59 Performance improvements, bug fixes, and a whole lotta style. *** Community Update *** While we’d really rather not have any limits on listening, we’ve exhausted all short-term options to keep 8tracks free for everyone, as it has been for the past 9 years. Unfortunately, with recent increases in royalty rates, we have no choice but to shift towards subscriptions for listeners in the US (which we’ve priced as affordably as possible). Everyone can still listen for free, but there is a weekly limit which resets each Monday. In the meantime, we’re exploring new ways to allow us to raise the free listening limit while still ensuring a healthy future for our service and the community. Thanks for continuing to support 8tracks! Screenshots iPhone iPad Customer Reviews Best music discovery app       by Alexgdb After trying all apps out there, this one is the best to simply forget about changing songs every three minutes. Simply start with a playlist based on a few words that reflect your mood, and you're good for the day. LOVE if you have money       by Woogoolooooo I love this app so much but I simply don't have the money to upgrade so I only get an hour per week... I understand, however, that you can't simply stream music for free. Perhaps implementing ads could allow for longer listening. Otherwise, if you have the money, I highly suggest this app. Outside US and Canada       by Dabdoub25 I used 8tracks for a very long time and now since im not either in US or Canada i cant use it anymore? Why not simply make me pay a few bucks a month like spotify or apple music instead of not letting me use the app? I know the option to go on the website is available but who is going to do that? Will people outside US and Canada ever be able to use it again? Or should i start deleting the app? View in iTunes This app is designed for both iPhone and iPad Free Category: Music Updated: Aug 10, 2017 Version: 3.3.59 Size: 104 MB Language: English Seller: 8tracks Inc. © 2015 8tracks Inc. Rated 12+ for the following: Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humor Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity Compatibility: Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Customer Ratings Current Version: 4.28      25 Ratings All Versions:      17800 Ratings Top In-App Purchases 8tracks Plus Subscription$4.99 8tracks Plus Subscription$39.99 8tracks Plus Subscription$9.99 8tracks ad-free 1 year subscription$19.99 Discover and share new apps. Follow us on @AppStore. Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more. Follow us @iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love.  Apple iTunes Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music iTunes iPod Accessories Gift Cards Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Workshops and Learning Youth Programs Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Reuse and Recycling Order Status Shopping Help For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for College For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Apple Info Newsroom Job Opportunities Press Info Investors Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. United States Copyright © 2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
