OFFICIAL Dishonest eBay/LRG member Thread - Page 2 - Marketplace Discussion - LittleRubberGuys.com Forums Jump to content Theme© by Fisana        Sign In    Create Account   View New Content Little Rubber Guys Forums Members Calendar Shoutbox Feedback More LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → Marketplace → Marketplace Discussion Javascript Disabled Detected You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality. OFFICIAL Dishonest eBay/LRG member Thread Started by WhiteLeo , Nov 17 2009 07:24 PM Prev Page 2 of 2 1 2 Please log in to reply 38 replies to this topic #26 FANtomCore FANtomCore FANtom-2-da-Core/Conceptor/Scanner/Collector Members 994 posts Gender:Male Location:SDCC territory Interests:Battle Beasts, SD Battle Beasts, Laser Beasts, God Beasts, War Monsters, Beast Saga, Battle Beasts Minimates, Armorvors, Rise of the Beasts / MUSCLE, Ultimate Muscle, Kinnikuman. Posted 11 April 2014 - 04:45 PM Yeah I think he just doesn't know anything about the figures; doesn't come off as overly intelligent, anyway.   So I called eBay about this, and basically they told me they can see I'm not at fault so they'll wipe the case from my account record. I asked what would happen with the seller, and they mentioned that the negative feedback I left would be wiped when the case is closed so basically, nothing. I asked if there was any way they could get the feedback to stick as a warning to other buyers since this guy obviously doesn't know what he's doing, and their reply was that I could pay for the invoice if I wanted the feedback to remain because their system only allows feedback with payment (which I know isn't the case as I've left feedback for canceled purchases before)   Am I the only one who sees this as a pretty damn big loophole that allows sellers to back out of a sale if they don't get the price they want? Just send a huge overcharge on the invoice, don't reply to any messages, and file a non-paying bidder dispute case. No visible repercussions and you get to try again for more cash.  I find this troubling indeed, but also the seller might be more intelligent than you initially thought using such sneaky tactics. Is the seller doing this intentionally or not? I think he knows what he's doing, and odds are this new account is not even his first one, probably one of many. He isn't just going to happen to have a carded BB item and be a noob about how to sell it. He discovered this loophole long ago I bet and using it to get what he thinks it worth one way or another by exploiting this apparent new feedback rule.   EDIT- I forgot to ask, did the seller get a strike against his account, if so, than this tactic is limiting since he can only do it a couple of times before his account is permanently suspended. Might explain why this seller is using a new account. Edited by FANtomCore, 11 April 2014 - 04:47 PM. 0 What I like to collect (click below) Spoiler "Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collector's passion borders on the chaos of memories." -Walter Benjamin All toys came from the original One Toy Back to top #27 Jet-Mech Jet-Mech The Man on the Silver Mountain Members 1558 posts Gender:Male Location:Fresno, CA Interests:M.U.S.C.L.E., Monster In My Pocket, Gormiti, Trash Pack, other LRGs that may strike my fancy, and other stuff no-one else likely gives a damn about Posted 11 April 2014 - 09:37 PM I find this troubling indeed, but also the seller might be more intelligent than you initially thought using such sneaky tactics.   It's bad enough that sellers have long been quoting outrageously inflated shipping costs as a means of cheating eBay out of fees...this is a new low. I've always understood that an eBay sale is a binding contract to purchase the item at the final bid price, and at the shipping cost specified in the listing. Too bad legal action would be prohibitively expensive and entirely too time-consuming.   Intelligent or not, that seller is a grade-A douchebag who is on my never-buy from list. 0 Current collecting goal: obtain all 148 Monster In My Pocket Series 1 figures in regular colors (71.62% there)   So many toys, so little money! Back to top #28 Draznar Draznar LRG Elite LRG Council 4907 posts Gender:Male Location:Ontario, Canada Interests:Battle Beasts and Boba Fett! Posted 24 May 2014 - 05:21 PM Warsystem04 http://www.littlerub...p?showuser=6382 Was originally reported by another member for not honouring his end of a sale. The member paid Warsystem04 $11 for some assorted MUSCLE figures, and after several weeks of waiting nothing showed up. After attempted contact by the mods, (which was blatantly ignored), said member contacted Warsystem04 at his place of business. Warsystem04 then responded to the staff PM and gave an incredibly insulting excuse, but said he would ship the figures. Almost two weeks later, (today), and the figures have yet to arrive at the buyer's home. Do yourselves a favour and never buy from this guy. 1 Check out my collection!   Follow me on Instagram!   Back to top #29 BladeRunner BladeRunner Serious Collector Members 407 posts Gender:Male Location:Texas! Interests:Secretly re-living the 80's behind my wifes back. Posted 17 June 2014 - 09:45 PM I was gipped by this seller too, just forgot all about the transaction until today. Oh well, it was only $12. 0 Back to top #30 108KickBack 108KickBack Beast-Former Gatherer Members 594 posts Gender:Male Location:The Great White North Interests:Laser Beasts, Battle Beasts,Anything Beastformer, Insects,Bugs and arachnids. Posted 14 January 2015 - 11:48 AM wild-man on eBay.Some of you may remember the post I did asking for advice on return items, this is the guy.I originally wasn't going to post him on here because I got my refund in December !But this Genuine Dbag filed another Dispute on me Today(The Last Day He could), im sure he would have left a bad feedback too , al though he couldn't on me cause he put a good feedback on me because I paid instantly on the purchase date!Avoid this guy at all cost he will try anything to screw you over if there is a problem with your package.   We agreed on a return , in which he said i have to pay for shipping.But the Ebay FAQ says differently. if the package arrived broken.He said he phoned them and thats what they said ,which i think is lies one way or another since the FAQ says differently!Then he asked me to destroy the pez.After filing a return i couldn't file a dispute through ebay , so i had to put one directly through paypal.I got my refund through paypal, but then today on Jan 14/2015 he filed a dispute through paypal after the other dispute already went through!This dbag accused me of breaking it!     AVOID! Here is his store http://www.ebay.ca/usr/wild-man http://www.ebay.ca/s...=1&_ipg=&_from= 0 Back to top #31 typicalstereo typicalstereo Half Ironman/Half Sausage Members 124 posts Gender:Male Location:Georgia Interests:One Piece minifigures/keshi. Germs. Posted 09 March 2015 - 09:22 AM ebay seller and board member Jeremy0477   He advertised his items here and linked them to his ebay auctions. I purchased the SLUG Zombies lot.  He never shipped items and he neglected to respond to my email.  At least Paypal returned my money without a problem.  1 Back to top #32 steverotters steverotters Sid's Toy Barn Members 2234 posts Gender:Male Location:USA Interests:Creepers, chompies, iszs, zombies, trashies, tikis, minions, mordles, murlocs, mushroomies, skeletons, ghosts, gremlins, goblins, gargoyles, demons, devils, dryads, plant mutants, bug mutants, fish mutants, creatures with one eye, creatures with more than two eyes, other monsters, muties, and meanies. Stormtroopers, Jawas, Toy Story aliens, Hulk, Groot, Gilman, Gormiti, Cthulhu, Swamp Thing, Toxie, Treebeard, Muckman. GREEN figs and GID figs! Scooby Doo villains! Beetlejuice and Ghostbusters minis! Tech Deck Dudes! Yeti and Bigfoot BFFs! Posted 09 March 2015 - 10:09 AM Dishonest LRG member: sanchezsaul   I just found out about this thread today.  The transaction was in January. We were both new members with zero feedback at the time, so I figured I would take the chance.  I sent 11 uncommon/rare Mutant Mania for his Battle Beast Minimates.  He confirmed receipt on Jan 7th.  He told me that he had not sent his yet because he was looking for a box.  I gave him the benefit of the doubt for weeks, occasionally checking in.  He let more than three emails lapse with no response.  I alerted three moderators on Jan 27th, and nothing happened except my entire correspondence with him was deleted, including all records of what was to be received, his address, etc.   I have not left him negative feedback due to a fear of more dishonesty in the form of retaliation.  Again, I did not find out about this thread until today as a means of warning others. To date, he has still not sent his items.  0 Back to top #33 jkaris jkaris AKIA Site Owner Y/S*N*T Little Rubber Guys 22230 posts Gender:Male Location:West Sacramento, CA Posted 09 March 2015 - 02:42 PM Thanks for posting this Steve. I have the council looking into it and if his other transactions went south as well. The original PM exchange is still there in the database. so it is either showing up in your inbox or his. If it is not in yours then you must have deleted it on accident. Edit: I restored the PM conversation to your inbox. You should be able to see it now. 0 LittleRubberGuys Store O.M.F.G. Series 1, 2, 3 and 4 - Rise of the Beasts! - S.U.C.K.L.E. Series 1 Back to top #34 vaal vaal Serious Collector Members 116 posts Gender:Male Location:Naptown (Indianapolis), Indiana Interests:Battle Beasts, Laser Beasts, M.U.S.C.L.E, MOTUC, Vintage MOTU, Vintage Star Wars, TOS Star Trek Posted 24 March 2015 - 06:23 AM I wanted to update an old complaint of LRG member Saleen123456.   After almost a year and a half, he finally contacted me and we worked something out to make up for the repro weapons I got sold. Turns out he had very serious, life/death health issues.   So, all's good between us. It just took two years…   Hopefully mods, you can update that however you feel necessary.   Thanks! 5 Back to top #35 bachamn bachamn ビーストフォーマー オタク Beastformers Archaeology 3570 posts Gender:Male Location:Seattle Interests:Digital Media, Travel, LRGs ビーストフォーマー レーザービースト ビーストサーガ Posted 24 March 2015 - 06:46 AM I wanted to update an old complaint of LRG member Saleen123456.   After almost a year and a half, he finally contacted me and we worked something out to make up for the repro weapons I got sold. Turns out he had very serious, life/death health issues.   So, all's good between us. It just took two years…   Hopefully mods, you can update that however you feel necessary.   Thanks! very glad to hear that man, that whole situation always seemed unintentional to me. He always seemed like a straight up guy. Edited by bachamn, 24 March 2015 - 06:46 AM. 0 Instagram eBay Auctions Wants List Back to top #36 Behemoth Behemoth Lord of Behemoths Members 2893 posts Gender:Male Location:USA at the Palace of Wisdom Interests:Collecting MIMP and playing Fantasy Baseball. Posted 30 March 2015 - 06:33 PM Names: Juan Carlos Ramon Valdivia Valdivieso, CAROL HIPOLITO MENDOZA Facebook Names:  Colecionista Mundial/Premium Toys Peru.  Location: Lima, Peru   Bought $300 of Peru MIMP from him and some toys for him (we had dealt before). He has never paid me for the toys, sent my figures or refunded my money (which was unfortunately done by Western Union). He also screwed a friend out of $50 worth of monsters. It has been 8 months now. Not sure if he is on here, but avoid him at all costs.  1 My MIMP Resource site: http://mimpcollective.weebly.com   Back to top #37 optimusdrizzt optimusdrizzt Serious Collector Members 499 posts Gender:Male Location:Overland Park, KS, USA Interests:Playing addicting video games, anime, MUSCLE, megaman, snarf from Thundercats, guts,and Battle Beasts. Really any smaller figure from the 80s/90s. Posted 06 May 2015 - 02:35 PM Ebay Name: thecomputerspider Location: Newport News, Virginia, United States Bought a some muscle and a Muscle Can on ebay from him and he never shipped or communicated back. Lucky for me Ebay resolved it and got my money back......after 3 weeks. Avoid this guy, in his feedback he did it to others as well. 0 Always Looking for Battle Beasts PM if you got extras!!!! Back to top #38 redspook redspook Serious Collector Members 358 posts Gender:Male Location:USA Posted 22 February 2016 - 05:44 AM Ebay name: verretsmrmeyahgi   Location: Baton Rouge, Louisiana   Won a lot of Ninja Mites and paid the same day. 3 weeks passed and nothing arrived. I sent THREE messages asking for a tracking # with no response. A week ago I get a package in the mail for a different item than what i bidded on (a M.A.S.K. vehicle accessory). That being said, I guess they just mixed up my order with someone elses, but it was obviously sent out after I had already sent them messages so I don't quite understand how that happened. Since then I have attempted messaging them again to tell them I can either: 1.send the item back or 2.send it to the right person so at least one of us gets what we originally ordered, and in hopes that the other person might send the Ninja Mites to me.   Long story short, ebay has re-compensated me but I would steer clear of this person, simply because they would not respond or make an attempt to straighten things out. Edited by redspook, 22 February 2016 - 08:28 AM. 0 Back to top #39 RedMoaiMan RedMoaiMan Budding Collector Members 86 posts Gender:Male Interests:Collecting M.U.S.C.L.E. figures, making unique ooak art dolls, and what ever else catches my interests/inspires my creativity. Posted 06 July 2017 - 06:27 PM I'm a noob to the forum. I'm glad I read this thread so I know who to avoid. Will be reading it regularly to see if other names pop up before I make any deals...As for any would-be scammers reading this thread...Don't try any of this shady BS with me. 0 Back to top Prev Page 2 of 2 1 2 Back to Marketplace Discussion Reply to quoted posts     Clear     LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → Marketplace → Marketplace Discussion Privacy Policy Change Theme IP.Board IP.Board Mobile IBR Caja Help Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.4 Copyright © 2017 LittleRubberGuys.com   Sign In Need an account? Register now! Username Forum Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy
