Need: Zoids minifigures - Need Toys? - LittleRubberGuys.com Forums Jump to content Theme© by Fisana        Sign In    Create Account   View New Content Little Rubber Guys Forums Members Calendar Shoutbox Feedback More LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → Marketplace → Need Toys? Javascript Disabled Detected You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality. Need: Zoids minifigures Started by Draznar , Yesterday, 03:58 PM Please log in to reply 8 replies to this topic #1 Draznar Draznar LRG Elite LRG Council 4907 posts Gender:Male Location:Ontario, Canada Interests:Battle Beasts and Boba Fett! Posted Yesterday, 03:58 PM Hoping you guys have a stash of these hidden somewhere! The more I think about them, the more I want them! The picture below is not Mine, just an example. I'm looking for anything at all in decent shape.  zoids-gashapon-tomy-mini-figure_1_e67958ac547fb3099494b23dbf80cba0.jpg   24.67K   18 downloads 1 Check out my collection!   Follow me on Instagram!   Back to top #2 Rubberhammer Rubberhammer Steve McQueen got nothin' on me. Members 2168 posts Gender:Male Location:Backwoods Interests:Weird, Ugly, Monsterous, Obscurities! Posted Yesterday, 05:21 PM Damn, them's tiny! 1 http://www.littlerub...howtopic=255753  "Got Toys" http://www.littlerub...howtopic=255752  "Need Toys" Back to top #3 ironmask ironmask Cat Shit Squad LRG Council 10732 posts Gender:Male Location:South Jersey Interests:Fistful of Aliens, Gremlins, and little Kaiju motherf**kers Posted Yesterday, 05:26 PM Yeah. They are expensive though! I had a few, and can't find them... but those were great. Good luck, bro! 1   THE EVIL EMPIRE Join the Ironhaus Horde!   Back to top #4 Draznar Draznar LRG Elite LRG Council 4907 posts Gender:Male Location:Ontario, Canada Interests:Battle Beasts and Boba Fett! Posted Yesterday, 05:30 PM Yeah. They are expensive though! I had a few, and can't find them... but those were great. Good luck, bro! Hence why I am trying here first! And thanks! 0 Check out my collection!   Follow me on Instagram!   Back to top #5 mannakat mannakat Electro Beast Members 268 posts Gender:Female Location:Minnesota Interests:Digimon, Zoids, weird mechanical beasties and strange critters Posted Yesterday, 05:43 PM Ercinilla had some a while back, they weren't those minis but some keshi. No idea if he sold them all, grabbed a good chunk of em' myself. Might want to hit him up! 0 Instagrammin' Back to top #6 Draznar Draznar LRG Elite LRG Council 4907 posts Gender:Male Location:Ontario, Canada Interests:Battle Beasts and Boba Fett! Posted Yesterday, 06:02 PM Ercinilla had some a while back, they weren't those minis but some keshi. No idea if he sold them all, grabbed a good chunk of em' myself. Might want to hit him up! I'm more interested in the painted versions, but these might not be a bad substitute. How do they compare in terms of size? What kind of material is the keshi? Not a fan of that eraser-style stuff. 0 Check out my collection!   Follow me on Instagram!   Back to top #7 mannakat mannakat Electro Beast Members 268 posts Gender:Female Location:Minnesota Interests:Digimon, Zoids, weird mechanical beasties and strange critters Posted Yesterday, 06:23 PM I'm more interested in the painted versions, but these might not be a bad substitute. How do they compare in terms of size? What kind of material is the keshi? Not a fan of that eraser-style stuff.   The detail is still really good and they are slightly smaller, maybe by 1/4 or so? They feel more like ironmasks recent Gorewad figures - or like the Monster Hunter keshi if you have any of those guys handy. Attached Files  20170821_210934.jpg   86.62K   2 downloads Edited by mannakat, Yesterday, 06:27 PM. 0 Instagrammin' Back to top #8 Draznar Draznar LRG Elite LRG Council 4907 posts Gender:Male Location:Ontario, Canada Interests:Battle Beasts and Boba Fett! Posted Yesterday, 06:39 PM or like the Monster Hunter keshi if you have any of those guys handy. That's exactly the kind of material that I LOVE. You've convinced me! 0 Check out my collection!   Follow me on Instagram!   Back to top #9 mannakat mannakat Electro Beast Members 268 posts Gender:Female Location:Minnesota Interests:Digimon, Zoids, weird mechanical beasties and strange critters Posted Yesterday, 06:58 PM They have a smoother feel than the gorewads but you don't really notice it that much.   http://www.ebay.com/...pEAAOSw8GtZPnoZ   BTW, those ones are really cool too. They are about 2x the size of the painted minis. Worth keeping an eye on! 1 Instagrammin' Back to top Back to Need Toys? Reply to quoted posts     Clear     LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → Marketplace → Need Toys? Privacy Policy Change Theme IP.Board IP.Board Mobile IBR Caja Help Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.4 Copyright © 2017 LittleRubberGuys.com   Sign In Need an account? Register now! Username Forum Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy
