Mandarake Magazine Madness - Other Toys and Toylines - LittleRubberGuys.com Forums Jump to content Theme© by Fisana        Sign In    Create Account   View New Content Little Rubber Guys Forums Members Calendar Shoutbox Feedback More LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → Little Rubber Guys Board → Other Toys and Toylines Javascript Disabled Detected You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality. Mandarake Magazine Madness Started by rootstudio , Aug 20 2017 06:17 AM Please log in to reply 1 reply to this topic #1 rootstudio rootstudio Budding Collector Members 68 posts Gender:Male Location:Houston, TX Interests:keshi, comics, vidja gayms Posted 20 August 2017 - 06:17 AM Or...  "Wow, Root really loves alliteration..."   Now of course thanks to this board I've been enlightened to the amazing publication known as Comp-REX (ie: Mandarake's periodical dedicated to all things keshi) but I was poking around in the keshi category recently and saw two additional magazines that got my attention and was wondering if any of you guys had any perspective on 'em and if they're worth plunking down tha bux for...   The first is this zine which seems to be about gacha daishi and toy packaging. Attached Files  Ketchup01.jpg   445.46K   7 downloads  Ketchup02.jpg   171.83K   8 downloads  Ketchup03.jpg   217.29K   11 downloads 1   Back to top #2 rootstudio rootstudio Budding Collector Members 68 posts Gender:Male Location:Houston, TX Interests:keshi, comics, vidja gayms Posted 20 August 2017 - 06:23 AM The other title is PVC Magazine which looks like yet another keshi-centric publication!  Sadly it is also currently sold out...     1   Back to top Back to Other Toys and Toylines Reply to quoted posts     Clear     LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → Little Rubber Guys Board → Other Toys and Toylines Privacy Policy Change Theme IP.Board IP.Board Mobile IBR Caja Help Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.4 Copyright © 2017 LittleRubberGuys.com   Sign In Need an account? Register now! Username Forum Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy
