DaHumorist's yet another forever Yes Contest! - LRG Contests! - LittleRubberGuys.com Forums Jump to content Theme© by Fisana        Sign In    Create Account   View New Content Little Rubber Guys Forums Members Calendar Shoutbox Feedback More LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → The Collective → LRG Contests! Javascript Disabled Detected You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality. DaHumorist's yet another forever Yes Contest! Started by DaHumorist , Aug 09 2017 10:24 PM Please log in to reply 4 replies to this topic #1 DaHumorist DaHumorist Writer of cartoons; Lover of toys and pro-wrestling Members 605 posts Gender:Male Location:Los Angeles, CA Posted 09 August 2017 - 10:24 PM Hey guys. I know everyone's getting tired of the constant rotation of Forever Yes contests, so I decided to change things up here. As some of you guys know, I work on the cartoon show, Sonic Boom. We've been getting some great buzz recently, including a nomination for the Teen Choice Award (up against some serious heavy hitters: Family Guy, Bob's Burgers, Rick & Morty, Steven Universe, and Gravity Falls)! That said, time to feed my ego with the first ever....   SHAMELESS PLUG DISGUISED AS A CONTEST!!!     The rules to this contest are simple...   1. You must be an LRG member for at least 10 days as of this post. 2. If you win, you must post a contest of your own. 3. To enter, post a clip, meme, fan art, or whatever related to Sonic Boom. Just say Yes     Here's a clip that got a lot of people talking recently:       PRIZES:  contest prize.JPG   101.83K   33 downloads   ***NOTE*** If some miracle occurs, and our little show somehow wins the award (again, not holding my breath), I'll DOUBLE the number of LRGs in the prize pot! Edited by DaHumorist, 20 August 2017 - 01:33 PM. 3 Stuff I'm looking for Back to top #2 Bones Bones Trading Muscle Members 525 posts Gender:Male Location:West Chester Pa. Interests:Working on my Master set of Muscles (I know..I know) Just started collecting customs minifigs Working on my Grizzlor Army,(27 now) Minikins chase figs In need of only 5 more M.U.M.s Art and sculpting on the verge of casting my own. Movie Junkie PS4 COD Black Ops 3 COD Infinite Warfare on Instagram as mcmakinbones Posted 10 August 2017 - 08:18 AM My kids love this show. EVERYDAY AND ON DEMAND! 1 Back to top #3 dixiebull dixiebull proprietor of the gospel of Saint M.U.S.C.L.E. Members 727 posts Gender:Male Location:Bonne Terre, Missouri Interests:Little rubber and plastic fantasy figures..M.U.S.C.L.E., MIMP, ARCO, DFC & more. Godzilla and all his "friends", vintage toys of all kinds and 80's nostalgia, GI JOE, star wars, universal monsters, tattoos, comic books, reading and art...oh and Punk rock...sweet blessed punk rock. Posted 10 August 2017 - 10:01 AM I must be honest, I've not seen the show, but that is mega awesome that your working on a successful cartoon series. I wish you best of luck in the teen choice awards! I found a meme, but I tell you, this must be an active theme online for your show, as it is the 2nd or 3rd meme I saw discussing the legs of the characters, and that was just in the first handful I saw. Anyways, enjoy!...especially the horrible broken English of the script..maybe this was a foreign fan? Attached Files  amp-quot-sonic-boom-amp-quot-it-s-really-going-to-boom_o_2805961.jpg   106.19K   0 downloads Edited by dixiebull, 10 August 2017 - 10:02 AM. 1 Back to top #4 DaHumorist DaHumorist Writer of cartoons; Lover of toys and pro-wrestling Members 605 posts Gender:Male Location:Los Angeles, CA Posted 20 August 2017 - 01:30 PM Well, this is probably the most disappointing contest to date... sigh...   Screw it. It's a forever yes. Say yes if you want in. 0 Stuff I'm looking for Back to top #5 ironmask ironmask Cat Shit Squad LRG Council 10732 posts Gender:Male Location:South Jersey Interests:Fistful of Aliens, Gremlins, and little Kaiju motherf**kers Posted Yesterday, 06:36 AM Well, this is probably the most disappointing contest to date... sigh...   Screw it. It's a forever yes. Say yes if you want in. I mean, I hosted a contest a couple years back that got zero participation. It happens. The more specific the criteria for winning a contest, usually the less participation it gets. Look at the "ultimate yes contest"... started off with a lot of participants, and as was step added a new stipulation the participation would shrink by half or more. It's a fairly casual board, and the fairly casual contests are the ones that get the most traffic. 0   THE EVIL EMPIRE Join the Ironhaus Horde!   Back to top Back to LRG Contests! Reply to quoted posts     Clear     LittleRubberGuys.com Forums → The Collective → LRG Contests! Privacy Policy Change Theme IP.Board IP.Board Mobile IBR Caja Help Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.4 Copyright © 2017 LittleRubberGuys.com   Sign In Need an account? Register now! Username Forum Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy
