The Moment We Began - Sarra Cannon Skip links Skip to content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to footer Sarra Cannon Author Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources The Moment We Began Book 2$2.99 Available in: eBook, Paperback, Audiobook Published: September 14, 2013 AmazonBarnes & NobleGoogleiBooksKobo The moment they both believe all hope is lost is the moment something real finally begins. I have loved Mason Trent for years, but I’ve only been sleeping with him for one. None of my friends know about our secret passion. He’s in my bed one night and in the arms of someone else the next. And it’s tearing me apart. I’ve done everything I can think of to make him mine, but the more I cling to him, the harder he pushes me away. I’m spiraling out of control, not sure how much more of this I can take. A girl can only bend so far until she breaks. And when I do, I break completely. I’m talking about one night of bad decisions, all leading to a my-world-will-never-be-the-same kind of moment. A moment where I need Mason more than ever. True to form, though, he’s running. But I intend to go with him this time. I’m willing to leave my money, my family, my friends behind for this one last chance to see if he could ever really love me the way I deserve to be loved. I’m willing to sacrifice forever if it means one real moment with him. Series: Fairhope Series Tagged with: Contemporary Books, Fairhope Series, NA Footer About Sarra Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. read more >> Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Find me on Facebook Sarra Cannon Featured Book The Trouble With I Do View Book Copyright © 2017 · Sarra Cannon · website deisgn by Designer Blogs MENU Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources
