Sorrow's Gift - Sarra Cannon Skip links Skip to content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to footer Sarra Cannon Author Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources Sorrow’s Gift Book 2$3.99 Available in: eBook, Paperback Published: October 27, 2015 AmazonBarnes & NobleGoogleiBooksKobo Sometimes death is only the beginning… Desperate to get to her sister in New York, Parrish Sorrows has no idea just how important she and her friends are to the survival of two very different worlds. Their abilities have been dormant for so long, the five teens have no memory of who they once were or why they were put here in the first place. All they can think about is making it through another night. But with each life that is taken by the virus, the Dark One’s power grows. With each zombie that awakens as her servant, the ancient necromancer comes a little closer to escaping her prison of ice. Will the guardians survive long enough to remember their purpose? Or will the Dark One succeed in killing them before their true gifts emerge? Series: Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Tagged with: Eternal Sorrows Trilogy, Fantasy Books, Paranormal, YA Footer About Sarra Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. read more >> Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Find me on Facebook Sarra Cannon Featured Book The Trouble With I Do View Book Copyright © 2017 · Sarra Cannon · website deisgn by Designer Blogs MENU Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources
