Indie Writer Resources | Skip links Skip to content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to footer Sarra Cannon Author Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources Indie Writer Resources Self-Publishing Guides and WalkthroughsRank ObsessionWord Count Progress MeterIndie Publishing Resources Hello, Fellow Indie Authors!!! If we’ve met before, then you know how incredibly passionate I am about Indie publishing!! Back in 2010, I took the plunge and started my own publishing company, Dead River Books, and set out to learn everything I could about self-publishing my work online. I’ve made a lot of mistakes along the way, but I’ve also managed to find some success, too. Believe me, I understand just how tough and overwhelming it can be to do it all yourself. I’d love to use what I’ve learned along the way to help you get started, too. Below, you’ll find tons of great resources, and I hope to be adding more as time goes on, so be sure to come back to check for more updates in the future. Finally, I’m excited to announce the launch of my brand new blog, Heart Breathings. So many indie blogs and groups out there today focus solely on how to get more sales, write faster, push harder, be more, do more. Everyone is focused on numbers! That’s not a bad thing, and there are a ton of great resources out there to help you market your books. However, it’s also important to have a place where we can discuss the more emotional side of this Indie Rollercoaster. Come join me as I wax poetic on what it means to be a writer, how to handle the ups and downs of the business, and how much bullet journaling has changed my life. Self-Publishing Guides and Walkthroughs Check out my self-publishing guides for walk-throughs on how to publish your eBook on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and other eBook retailers. Indie Publishing Resources(Editors, Cover Artists, and More) Check out my Indie Publishing Resources for lists of editors, cover artists, indie publishing blogs, forums, and other valuable resources you might find handy. Rank Obsession(Track your rankings at Amazon) If you find yourself constantly obsessing over your Amazon rankings and reviews, check out my free Rank Obsession website that my amazing husband, George, developed for me. All you have to do is sign in with your Google account and start adding links to your books. After about an hour, Rank Obsession will gather your reviews and rankings from Amazon. If you want, the program will even email you when you get a new review or your rank goes below a certain threshold. It’s a great way to see all your current rankings on one page without slamming Amazon’s site every five minutes :). Word Count Progress Meter Feel free to also check out my Progress Meter. This is a simple word count tracking tool that you can embed into your site, Facebook page, or anywhere that takes HTML. Update it on the Progress Meter site and it updates everywhere the code is posted. That way fans can track your progress as you work on your magnum opus. You can even color code the meter to your own personal brand. This is another free tool developed by my husband. Did I mention he’s amazing?? Footer About Sarra Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. read more >> Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Find me on Facebook Sarra Cannon Featured Book The Trouble With I Do View Book Copyright © 2017 · Sarra Cannon · website deisgn by Designer Blogs MENU Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources
