The Fear Of Letting Go - Sarra Cannon Skip links Skip to content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to footer Sarra Cannon Author Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources The Fear Of Letting Go Book 4$2.99 Available in: eBook, Paperback Published: November 7, 2014 AmazonBarnes & NobleGoogleiBooksKobo She’ll have to let go of the past in order to find a love that could last a lifetime. All I wanted when I moved to Fairhope was to disappear. I wanted to become a ghost. A stranger to everyone who knew me before, including my parents. Especially my parents. I never expected to become someone. A friend. A faithful employee. A scholar. And least of all, a lover. Love is a word I never truly understood until I moved here and witnessed it with my own eyes. My own heart. I always believed love was a fairy tale, and now that I’m starting to fall for Fairhope’s most eligible billionaire, Preston Wright, it all feels like some cruel joke. A dream I need to shake myself out of before it’s too late. Before I make the same mistakes my mother made and end up right back where I started. I know I should stay as far away from him as possible, but fate keeps pulling us back together. I’ve never been so afraid of something in my life. And I’ve never wanted someone more. This is Book 4 of the Fairhope series. While each book can be read as a stand-alone, some characters interactions and events will be more meaningful if you follow this series from the beginning. Series: Fairhope Series Tagged with: Contemporary Books, Fairhope Series, NA Footer About Sarra Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. read more >> Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Find me on Facebook Sarra Cannon Featured Book The Trouble With I Do View Book Copyright © 2017 · Sarra Cannon · website deisgn by Designer Blogs MENU Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources
