Dear Readers: An Honest Update From Sarra | Skip links Skip to content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer Sarra Cannon Author Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources Dear Readers: An Honest Update From Sarra April 6, 2017 By Sarra Cannon 61 Comments My Dearest Readers, I’m here. I know I haven’t been around much on social media for the past month, but I wanted to let you all know that I’m still here. I’m still writing. I’m still doing my best. I’ve been thinking a lot over the past few days about what I wanted to say to you all when I came back after a much-needed break from most of my social media, and I found out that it’s really complicated. I have some pretty heavy things going on in my life, but they are also intensely personal. On one hand, I would not be where I am today without each one of you believing in me and taking a chance on my work. I want to give frequent updates so you know I’m thinking of you and that I respect you. On the other hand, being so open and accessible has lead to me getting almost daily emails from people saying they are “disappointed” in me or asking if I have any clue how long they’ve been waiting for the next book? Or worse. And trust me, when I’m having a rough day and struggling to even get out of bed, emails that attempt to make me feel ashamed for my writing pace are not particularly helpful. At the same time, I’ve always been an open person. I want to be close to my readers, because you guys mean the world to me. I don’t want to shut myself off and become a social media robot. I want to find a way to let you know why the books are coming slowly without coming across as being dramatic or complaining when I know I’m incredibly blessed. So, here I am. The only thing I can do is be myself and be honest. This could get long, so grab a cup of coffee and hang in there with me. 🙂 One of the biggest struggles I’ve faced over the past year is realizing that I care WAY too much what other people think of me and what they expect from me. One of my greatest fears is disappointing everyone around me, which ironically leads to an awful lot of self-sabotage. I crumble under the pressure of trying to please everyone, because let’s face it, you can NEVER please everyone. And somewhere in the midst of trying to please other people, I totally lost my own joy. It’s a very strange thing to make a living doing something creative that you are passionate about. In many ways, it’s a dream come true, and I often wake up so full of gratitude that I’m brought to tears. But the strangeness comes in with the money and business side of it. When I first started writing and publishing my own books, I didn’t realize I was also signing up to be an entrepreneur and a businesswoman. I just wanted to write books I thought were cool! I never intended to burden my creativity by demanding that it also pay the bills, but it turns out that is just part of the deal. The more successful I became, the more I realized I had to really pay attention to the business side of my writing. Better covers, better advertising, mailing lists, giveaways, social media. It can be fun, but it can also be exhausting. And for someone who has struggled for a long time with comparison and never feeling “good enough”, the business side of being an indie author has been emotionally difficult. It’s a constant roller coaster in more ways than I can possibly explain in a single post. When I first wrote and published Beautiful Demons, I still had so much to learn about writing. (Still do and probably always will.) But I had something back then that I was beginning to lose sight of over the past year or two—pure joy. I wrote that story because it was fun and exciting. I had no expectations of sales. I simply fell in love with Jackson and Harper and the crew, and I just wanted to spend time with them. The story unfolded like an adventure, and although it wasn’t always easy, it was almost always exciting. I can’t tell you exactly when it happened, but at some point, bit by bit over the past couple of years, the stress started to outweigh the joy. Having fun writing was replaced by worry over every sale and deadline. Joy was replaced by marketing and trying to figure out why some algorithm change was affecting my sales the way it was and how the heck I was going to recover from it. The words that used to flow freely from my fingertips were drying up, because I was allowing the stress of the business to rule my brain. I would sit down to write and immediately start to doubt myself. The words wouldn’t come. I would go online to talk about it with fellow authors and end up comparing myself to people who were writing five thousand words a day and publishing seventeen books a year. I couldn’t keep up. I. Was. Going. Insane. The more I pushed and tried to force the stories to hit deadlines and make everyone happy, the more I fell apart. I absolutely wasn’t willing to put out a crappy book just to hit a deadline, so I was stuck. Combine that with some health issues that put me in the hospital, and I was toast. Something was going to have to change, or I was going to lose everything I had worked so hard to build. That’s when I decided to stop looking outward for validation or comparison or advice and to start looking at myself. I looked at my own past and my reasons for believing the things I believed about myself, and I found some truths that slapped me so hard, they left bruises. Abusive relationships, negative self-image, years of caring more about everyone else’s happiness to the detriment of my own. Never feeling worthy or good enough. I had a choice. I could do the hard work of sorting through memories, setting boundaries some people were not going to like, and trying to figure out who I truly was underneath all the mess, or I could ignore it and try to push harder to be something I wasn’t. I guess it wasn’t much of a choice. Live or die, really. I chose life, but the journey back to my joy has been a full year’s battle. I’m talking life-shattering realizations, painful losses that felt like deaths, and many of those all-out, messy sob sessions that leave you totally wasted for days. I won’t go into all the personal details of it, but it’s been both the most difficult and the most necessary thing I’ve ever done. Oh, and believe me when I say that it isn’t easy to write and be creative when you’re doing the kind of soul-searching work I’ve been doing. For those of you waiting for the next book in any one of the series that are still ongoing from me, this probably isn’t what you wanted to hear. BUT, let me also tell you this…My books are not just words on a page that are completely disconnected from who I am. They are a part of me. What I believe and who I am is all right there in the pages of my books. There is a large piece of me inside Harper and Parrish and Leigh Anne. They are not me, and yet they are parts of me or who I wish I could be. If I didn’t take the time to go through this year of self-discovery and healing, there is no way I could write the kinds of characters I’m destined to write. I will be a better writer because of what I’ve gone through over the past year. I know it in my soul. So, what does all this mean in terms of release dates? I’m honestly not sure. I try to write every single day, but I want to make sure that when I’m writing, I’m loving it again. Writing is my true passion. It’s what I know I was born to do, and because of that, it’s worth it for me to ease back into this and do it right, even if that means disappointing some of you in the process. For a long time, when I sat down to write the words simply wouldn’t come, but now, the words are starting up again. They aren’t exactly flowing, because I’m still a work in progress myself, but I’m doing the best I can. I’m like a recovering stress addict venturing back into the world that almost killed me when I wasn’t strong enough to handle it. I’m so much stronger now, but there are still days when I have to fight for my joy. There are still days when the “why is it taking so long” messages make me want to cry and crumble under the pressure and fear that no one will wait for me to be ready. But there are also days when I feel that familiar tug of the story and the characters who just want me to come out and play with them for a while. There are days when I get lost in the story and I don’t worry what other people think or expect of me. I just write for the joy and fun of it, rather than for money or expectation. Those are the good days. I hope there are lot more of those kinds of days in my future. The legendary musician, Miles Davis, once said, “Man, sometimes it takes you a long time to sound like yourself.” That quote means something important to me right now, because I am in the process of finding my most authentic voice. It’s taking time, but it’s so incredibly worth it. I’m not telling you all of this to validate my absence or make excuses. I’m telling you because I think this type of stress and burnout is all-too-common in today’s world. We see the highlight reels of people’s lives and we compare ourselves to that perfect, but often false, image. We chase recognition and fortune and fame, even when it’s killing us. We push ourselves to be what everyone else wants us to be, but along the way we forget about what we want. We deserve to have joy in our lives. Not because someone approves of us or because we are “good” by someone else’s judgment, but just because we ALL deserve joy. I’m also telling you this so you’ll remember that authors are human, too. We create worlds out of our imaginations for a living, which is super cool and amazing, but we are also just regular people with families and mortgages and painful pasts that sometimes bubble to the surface at the most inconvenient times. I have no idea how much longer it will take for me to finish Beyond The Darkness or Sacrifice Me or Fate’s Surrender. I can’t promise anything in terms of release dates or order of release. All I can promise is that I am here, and I am working to be a better writer and a better, happier person every single day of my life. And I hope that when the next book does come—and it will—you’ll all still be here cheering me on. Much love to you, whatever you might be going through. (Oh, and P.S. I love getting messages from you guys. I love the support and encouragement. It’s the judgmental, shaming kind of ones that are sometimes a bit tough to swallow. But keep writing to me. It means a lot!) Related Posts Project Update! Indie Book Fair 2012! Nook Press Chat So Close To The Next Milestone!! Return to Eden by G.P. Ching The Curse of Expectations Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Filed Under: The Sweetie Chronicles Tagged With: Indie Authors, Project Update, The Indie Journey Reader Interactions Comments Charlene Charron says April 6, 2017 at 5:48 pm All you can do is take life one day at a time….. I know I will read whatever book you release whenever you release it… don’t let naysayers bring you down… like you said your human and life happens…… your loyal readers will be there when you come back…. I love your books but you need to take care of yourself… God Bless Your loyal reader Charlene Charron Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:48 pm Thank you , Charlene. <3 Just knowing you will be there when the book comes means a lot to me. Reply Ashleigh says April 6, 2017 at 5:57 pm First and foremost I want u 2 know that u r not judged my me n any sense or meaning of the word n any aspect of ur life or writing. Second…great amazing g things r Orth the wait. The longer the wait the more the anticipation builds and the better it is once u get what u were waiting on. U truly appreciate it that much more than if it had just fell n ur lap when u wanted it 2. Shame on all the ppl who r waiting that criticize and cast judgment n spew harsh untrue words just because they r dramatic and childish and aren’t getting what they want right when they want it. I have been a fan and a follower 4 2 yrs now and it all started when u just had 3 books from the BD series listed on kindle. I was hooked when I met Harper and I love her and loving her is loving u cuz she’s apart of u. Then when I finished every book that’s published n out there n that series I stumbled upon the SM series and I was like daaaaayyyyuuum this woman is amazing. And the novellas u have put out I have read those as well and the last 1 with Red n ur rendition of the little red riding hood children’s story had my head spinning and wanting more and I loved it that much more that it tied n2 the SM series. I can not wait 4 the next n those 2 series 2 drop…but I’m not gna nag and push and leave mean comments trying 2 get an answer about releases just cuz I want them now. It will b worth the wait like I have said every time after each I finished and was waiting on the following books. I love ur writing style and ur creativity. U r my favorite author and I mean that. I have had others 2 fill the space and that’s what all these immature snot nosed brats need 2 do as well. 2 much expectation on a person can cause them 2 crash and burn like u know all 2 well. But just sit back n relax find ur joy and let the words flow like they once did. I don’t care how long it takes because I want a great book. Not a mediocre or ok book…a great read that like all ur others keeps me on the edge of my seat biting my nails and rushing 2 get 2 the next page. U r amazing at what u do and super talented and I for 1 do not want u 2 stress over what every1 else says business and readers. Take ur time and know that this fan, even tho I am only 1 person, will still b here when u do release the next books. U r amazing and don’t ever 4get that. U r good enough and u r worth the wait. Forever a loyal follower, Ashleigh R. Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:49 pm Ashleigh, thank you so much for your amazing and sweet message. Thank you for taking the time to leave a comment. I appreciate it so much. Reply Kim says April 6, 2017 at 5:57 pm I love your books and can’t wait for the next release, but your health comes first. People will always judge, stay strong and true to yourself. Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:50 pm <3 Thank you, Kim. Reply Jo says April 6, 2017 at 5:59 pm It’s more important you take care of yourself. Everything will fall in place. Love your books. You are Awesome Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:50 pm Thank you, Jo. It’s sometimes hard to trust that it will all work out, but I do know deep down that you’re right. Reply Stacey Howland says April 6, 2017 at 6:04 pm I hear you on all of this!! One thing that helped me get my writing joy back is that I wrote a standalone. Much of my writing anxiety comes from writing series – and knowing that they’re the only books that “sell.” I just wanted to tell a story and have it be over in 65k. It was easy to write. And even though I knew it wasn’t the best business move and it would be a hard sell because it’s not a romance – I enjoyed the hell out of writing it and it made me want to write another book immediately. It also helped that I got a part-time job. It took some of the pressure off. I figure next time I become monetarily successful with my writing I’ll do a better job of managing my money. 🙂 I wish you continued joy as you trudge through the journey you’re on. You’re not alone. Not by a long shot! Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:52 pm Thank you, Stacey. It’s good to know I’m not alone, but then I wish none of us had to feel this way! I did actually try to write a stand-alone, but every time I started to enjoy myself, the panic from not writing what I was “supposed” to be writing started to kill me. I really hope that getting this out there and letting people know what I’m feeling will help to break the chains of this panic, if that makes sense. Reply Mary perry says June 16, 2017 at 11:41 am Dear sarra don’t worry its not just you and it’s not just writers .. I have a passion for plants and art … I was having so much fun making dream catchers until I got orders for them and had to make a certain amount. The work suffered they were no longer unique and slowly made which gives them their brilliance. I told my husband taking something I love to do and putting the pressure of money on it took the joy completely …. mainly the pressure for a deadline …. the only solution is what you are doing explaining the anxiety and taking it at your own pace … your an amazing writer just get down to the bare truth of that and you got this …. Reply Chyrl Floyd says April 6, 2017 at 6:09 pm Your health is of the utmost in your life & without it there would never be any books by Sara Cannon. I am most proud & happy for you & wish you all the BEST in your writing career during the coming years. Take care, Ms. Chyrl loves you!! Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:53 pm Thank you, Ms. Chyrl. It feels good to have those from home still showing their support. Much love to you. Reply Becky LaBonte-Shambley says April 6, 2017 at 6:58 pm Sarra, first of I am so sorry that people can be such jerks. They read to escape, in many cases, their own hard situation without confronting it. What you are doing is much harder. And I applaud you for finding the strength within yourself to do this. You don’t know me, but with every book I read, I get to know a piece of you. As for the hard days, take it a moment at a time. As someone with several chronic health issues, I can tell you that taking the time to focus on you and your needs is the best possible thing you can do for yourself. Don’t worry about the readers being there, the ones that matter will be. Have faith. Sending you light, love, and strength. Becky Shambley Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:54 pm Thank you, Becky. I am sorry you are dealing with chronic health issues, but I can feel your strength in your post. Thank you for reaching out. Reply Amanda says April 6, 2017 at 7:29 pm No one is perfect and we all have our good days and bad days. Keep your head up and try not to let those impatient readers get to you. I look forward to the day you release any one of your books. I enjoy reading them and love getting lost in your world. Much . Tomorrow’s a new day! Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:54 pm <3 Thank you, Amanda. Reply Darla Gabaldon says April 6, 2017 at 7:53 pm Take care of yourself ..remember you are the only person that is responsible for you…may you be Blessed Reply Sarra Cannon says April 6, 2017 at 7:54 pm Thanks for always being there to support me, Darla. Big hugs and blessings to you. Reply R.G. Dole says April 6, 2017 at 7:56 pm Wow, I can’t believe people are such douchebags. I mean as a reader I do wish the next book would come out quicker, and that I’d never have to wait. I mean some authors take years to get the next one out. But I’m not going to get mad at them, and maybe it’s because I’m an author, or sort of author. I’ve been writing the same book for like 10 years now and maybe one day I’ll actually finish something, so really I’m in awe of anybody who can write a book and it actually be good, because it’s not easy. Sometimes people who aren’t really the creative types don’t understand how much of yourself goes into your work. How much real effort it is. It isn’t just sitting at a computer for a few hours and slapping it out and then moving on to the next one. You’re creating worlds and people and cultures from thin air. I mean the one thing that always hurts me is getting negative criticism, but I always remind myself not every book is universally liked, and a well thought out critic can help me do better. But the idea of people who actually like your work being so mean is just insanity, and I’m glad you’re deciding to ignore them and take care of you. Sometimes you got to be a bit selfish or you’re just going to drown in the pressures others will put on you. Just a thought though, is there some way you can put someone else in charge of the business end of it so you can focus more on the creative part? Reply Reese Ryan says April 6, 2017 at 8:14 pm Sarra, I’m sorry you’ve been subjected to such thoughtless and unfair criticism and that dealing with the business side of writing and the resulting pressure caused you to lose your joy. I’m glad you are slowly finding that joy again. I hope you’re also feeling much better physically. Thank you for sharing this very personal experience. Your post made me feel as if I’m not alone in some of my struggles. I’m sure a lot of other writers can relate and appreciate your post, too. Reply Sherryle Leanne Archer says April 6, 2017 at 8:40 pm “Hello Beautiful” & my most amazing writer, since finding u & ur amazing books (27 I’ve read 2 date) I’ve totally & demolished all of these time & time again reading them, finding all the love u pour in2 them from ur heart & soul. Sarra, I adore every part of u & the amazing way u write these books. I have & 4eva will b 1 of the most adored readers u will have in ur army of readers. I am sending all the love & hugs I can send 2 u in this journey of urs & hope that u foremostly keep on taking care of urself 1st!!!. I will always wait 4 u 2 take the time u need 2 write on ur terms. All the best, Love Always & 4eva………Sherryle Leanne xoxoxoxo xoxoxoxo Reply Elan Green says April 6, 2017 at 9:14 pm The fact that you are having to explain all of this is sad to me. I’m all into every book that Harper is in, and the world it takes place in. I’ll wait as long as it takes. Take the time to heal yourself, no rush! I’d prefer to wait if that makes it your best work. Thanks so much for all you do. I’m loving every bit of it! Reply Taylorae Solimine says April 6, 2017 at 10:11 pm This was amazing amd heart breaking to read, im so glad you are taking time for yourself because like you said this is a passion and i as a HUGE fan do not want to hear about my favorite author losing herself in the process, i am going to continue waiting patiently and support you every step of the way. You are an inspiration and i thank you for the joy your books bring me ♡♡ Reply Yvonne Carder says April 6, 2017 at 10:22 pm Sarra, Thank you for taking the courage to bare your soul for us. Each person has their own unique journey to become what they are destined to be. All of your fans would rather you be healthy and creative than unhealthy and never publish again. Thank you for your honesty about the life of an Indie Author. I’m venturing into the world of that myself and your words mean a lot to me about remembering to take care of oneself while doing what you love. Just remember: those bullies who say unthoughtful things to you probably don’t realize that they are not being helpful. They probably think ‘tough love’ is what you need; when in truth that is not what they are doing. Keep working at being the best you you can be, and remember: we’re rooting for you! Reply Mikie says April 6, 2017 at 10:36 pm You need to take time for you to be you. And don’t let anyone shame you for that. You are an amazing person inside and out. Just remember there are bumps in our road of life, and those bumps don’t define us but they do make us slow down. And it is when we are slowing down that we notice the beautiful scenery around us. That moment is when we feel inner peace. Enjoy these times. I am excited for when your next books come out. I will then get to know a piece of your joy. Reply Amber says April 6, 2017 at 10:47 pm Thank you Sarra for sharing this. I’m sorry that people are so cruel in this world and immoral. Your health does come first. I love all your books and honestly I thought you were pumping them out like crazy! I was wondering how you were doing it! I write kids books and poetry and honestly I’ve had writers block for over 3 years now! I turned away from writing for a living as soon as I got stressed about what’s expected by others. I never made it nearly as far as your first book. I’ve had several poems published, I illustrated my own books but as soon as I was told they wanted not my taste of animation on mine I refused and kept my books for myself and my son. You need a break. I understand you have bills like everyone else but don’t ever let people tell you anything bad about yourself or raise expectations for you when they can’t meet them either. Don’t compare yourself to others it’ll discourage you. You’re characters are a piece of you. If some one wants to change your story and you don’t like it. Do not do it. I love your writing for what it is not what your rushed to write to meet expectations. And you are right. Do not put out anything that you do not feel is ready. Art is from your soul and there is no controlling it. Let it flow when it comes if it doesn’t go have a day for yourself! I shall always look forward to your next book, but I have a realistic outlook on life and how hard it can be. oud people demand so much and want more and if all you can come up with its a sentence or two, or it as a teaser! Anything, a thought from a character, a great one liner you cut out, new book or old. Cliff hanger notes to get them going haha. As for the mean emails as soon as you spot it. DELETE. Don’t read. All it is hun, is a reflection of their personal character. Not yours. Don’t let it get to you. They are the ones unhappy taking it out on you. Your doing great with your writing! I’ve been so excited about colleen houck’s tigers dream for years, it never came out. The movie? Nope wasnt out in 2016 as advertised. Do i write negative things? No. 🙂 because a good story can take days hours months or years! I’ll still wait and I’ll love it when i get the honor of sharing a different world great authors, such as yourself, are kind enough to share with us! Stay True to yourself, and your writing will always be true. Reply Tracee says April 7, 2017 at 12:53 am Its never easy to ignore the hurt others inflict on us. Keep strong Sarra, look after yourself and take the time you need. Your true fans will still be here, no matter how long it takes to complete your beloved books. You takes us into such exhilartaing, loving, exciting worlds, and that is what keeps us here with you. There comes a time in our lives when we have to stop listening to everyone else, and start listening, really closely to our inner self, and that is when you show your true potential. I personally think weve just seen the tip of the iceberg from you, and am excited to share your journey. Reply Cammie VanBall says April 7, 2017 at 12:55 am I love you! I love your books and the world’s you take me too. I will wait however long it takes (however, I will be biting my nails). You need to takeep care of you first, always. Reply Julie says April 7, 2017 at 2:23 am Oh sarra firstly big hugs for such an honest post. It’s not easy putting your own demons out there publicly. Secondly …write for yourself , For joy , forget deadlines (meaningless anyway for the majority of writers, life often gets in the way) . Forget negative messages, read them, file them under B for bin and move on. They have no meaning unless you give it to them. Indulge in the positive ones , I’m sure they outweigh the negatives by many. Take time to heal yourself and once again your heart will flow of characters we love, stories of strength, love, courage ect . True Fans will happily wait for a great book than push an author to release a mediocre one ❤ Reply Maria says April 7, 2017 at 5:42 am Sarra cannon, I will wait however long it takes for you to write any of the books and series. You are one of the best writers I have came across while looking for a good, get lost in the reading, type of book. You provide that and more. Do not pay attention to those who criticized you for being late or wanting something now. Take all the time you need to recharge and take care of yourself, the book and your loyal fans will wait for you to finish. Your health comes first. I’ll be waiting patiently for your next book. Sincerely your loyal fan Maria chavez Reply Cathy says April 7, 2017 at 6:37 am Hey Sara first off I want to say I love your books and I don’t care how long it takes for you to publish another, we can all wait. Your health and mentality are more important then anything. I suffer from mental and physical health issues so I know where your coming from. You need to learn to take one hour a day for yourself…at least that’s what I was told and it works. Take a soak in the tub or something else that will relax you. Don’t push yourself too hard or you could get worse and that’s the last thing we as readers want. As for the harers, remember there are more lovers then haters any day 🙂 Reply Dee Davis says April 7, 2017 at 10:09 am Hugs, Sarra! Know exactly where you are coming from, and applaud your determination to climb out of the pit!! Reply Sara says April 7, 2017 at 10:34 am People who can say negative things to you ABOUT YOUR PROCESS, obviously know nothing of art. I love your books, I just read all the Peachville Demon books AGAIN. Disappointed when I got to the end but only from a desire to know more, I mean I have a stack of filing on my desk from July 2016 who am I to judgd?!?! And that’s not even a creative process, that’s literally me being a space case. You don’t need anyone’s approval but your own. Your books are a gift and none of us are entitled to have them, I am so grateful that you took the scary leap to publish your work! Take your time, your worthwhile fans will be here when you finish >3 Reply Hope says April 7, 2017 at 10:53 am While I have fallen in love with Harper and Jackson. I am thoroughly enjoying Frankie and Rend! I love everything you have written so far and will keep myself occupied until you can feel healed enough to write! Your Fan, Hope! Reply Jasmine-Rose Comer says April 7, 2017 at 9:59 pm Hi Sarra, I will be here whenever your new books come out don’t pressure yourself with deadlines! I wholeheartedly understand the creative process. I have recently read everything you’ve written and I love all your characters! Although I think Harper is my favourite. Your books along with some other fantasy books keep me going as I’ve just probably had one of my hardest years on record. To cut a long story short I was a musician singer, violinist, and I’m now completely deaf and it’s getting increasingly difficult to even feel vibrations of sound. Like you I’m an open and honest person. All is not lost I have another test to go through to decide if I can have a cochlear implant and my chances look good. But it will be a long slow process of relearning how to hear again. With the violin I kept practicing doing what was expected of me it wasn’t until I joined an informal Irish group that I truly started to play for the sheer joy of playing. In doing so I realised how much pressure I was putting on myself. It’s hard for us creative types not to compare yourself to others but as soon as you do stop comparing it’s like a massive weight has been lifted off. The best way to be is to be passionate about what you’re doing in anything in life. You soon find the absolute joy in doing what you do. Your books have whisked me me away from the tinnitus that continues to hound me since becoming deaf. So please know how much I love your style of writing and I will wait however long it takes for the next one to come out because you are an inspiration, and I know it will be worth it! My thoughts are with you. Xxx Reply Sarra Cannon says April 12, 2017 at 4:15 pm Jasmine-Rose, I’m so incredibly sorry to hear about what you are going through. I can’t even imagine what a struggle that has been. I really hope the cochlear implant works for you and restores your hearing. Please know I am thinking of you and wishing you the best. Reply Jasmine-Rose Comer says April 22, 2017 at 3:23 pm Thank you so much! After rereading this it sounds like a bit of a sob story. Sorry about that, I was just trying to say I understand and can very much relate to where you’re coming from. What I meant to say was “Be who you are and say what you think. Those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.” Just be your best beautiful self and most importantly take care of yourself. Take however long you need to feel like you again because you are most important in your life. Now if I could only take my own advice! Hehe. I wish you all the best too! Xxx Reply Jenice says April 7, 2017 at 11:35 pm Sarra I will wait as long as it takes for you to publish your next books and if you decide that they’ll never come out that’s OK with me too ( though I would be very sad) because I would rather you feel healthy mentally than you feel horrible just for my enjoyment. I know when I was going through a very hard time in my life, a quote by J.K Rowling’s Albums Dumbledore helped me tremendously. “Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if one only remembers to turn on the light.” I can relate with the feelings you have described and I hope you can concur those feelings and come out on top. You have helped me tremendously with your writing, your Shadow Demon series was one of the only true comforts I had a while back and I hope that just maybe my words can bring you a little piece of what you brought to me when I was at one of my weakest moments. You’re an amazing writer and and have a beautiful imagination don’t let anyone or anything tell you differently. I hope you have a wonderful day and I look forward to reading more books by you whenever they come out. Reply Andy littler says April 8, 2017 at 7:42 am I love your books and your easy flow of writing. But you need to enjoy it, if you havent got the love for your writing the stories will suffer and id much rather wait till your ready and feeling epic again. Health and family are more important so dont rush because people cant wait for the the next instalment , find yourself and find the joy in your writing so it comes through to us readers We will all be here waiting no matter how long you need, True followers will understand and blogs like this prove how much they mean to you Xxx Reply Constance says April 8, 2017 at 10:06 pm It’s sad when people say they love your work but make you feel like Crap over the amount of time. Your writing has made me want more of the story and when the next one comes out It gives me the opportunity to relive the story again before reading the newest one. Keep writing for the joy Sarra because that’s when we the readers are most rewarded! Thank you for sharing so many pieces of yourself with each character and creating a world that I lose myself in each time! Reply Amy Patrick says April 9, 2017 at 6:39 pm Sarra, you are one of the most genuine and generous writers I’ve ever met. Thanks for sharing your heart with your readers (and fellow writers.) We get it. And those who don’t are just poopyheads- LOL. Love the Miles Davis quote. Go girl! Get that joy. 🙂 Reply Susie Warren says April 10, 2017 at 9:16 am Wishing you many joyous writing moments! It’s hard to balance the ‘creative’ side and the ‘business’ side. It’s also hugely difficult to silence critics or naysayers. But some of it is perception. I get the sense your readers love your stories and are impatient for more. Go with that and let that enthusiasm spur you on. Guard yourself against the rest of the comments that feel critical, judgmental or negative. I’m a new reader of yours and looking forward to whatever you put out. 🙂 Reply Tammy says April 11, 2017 at 8:42 am My first thought when I realised the time elapsed since your last publication was ‘oh I hope nothing’s happened to her and she’s ok’, not ‘where’s the next book’. You are more important than any story and I would rather know you were ok than see the next book. Take your time to regain the joy writing gave you, we’ll all still be here for you. Reply Jennifer Smith says April 11, 2017 at 6:22 pm I wish I had some wonderful words of wisdom, but that’s not so much my thing… Just be you. Take whatever time you need and do the things that truly make you happy. Try to ignore the negativity and know that there are those of us out here who are standing behind you. Reply Taylor says April 17, 2017 at 2:43 pm You’re an amazing author Sarra. I love your books. Personally, I think you deserve some time off just like everyone else does occasionally. The Shadow Demons Saga is quite possibly one of my favourite book series I’ve ever read (and I read a lot). I have re-read the series countless times! I’m only a teen so I can’t possibly understand the pressure your under but I hope you find your voice again and keep being amazing xx Reply christine k. says April 20, 2017 at 12:15 pm hi sarra, i am humbled by your honesty and dedication to your readers. letting fans know of your personal struggles and how that affects your writing takes courage. you dont even have to tell us anything and yet you are more open in your updates than people ive known since childhood irl. i admire you. although you dont know me, my encouragement and support will always be with you during this difficult period and i wish you peace. i know nothing of the writing process or book sales or anything related to the business of publishing. what i do know is that your books are captivating and i like your writing style. im grateful to be able to read and get lost in the wonderful worlds you have created. combine your fantastic imagination and storytelling with your courage and honesty and its easy to see why you are a favored author for many. take comfort in knowing i (and all your other fans) will be here to read your books whenever you share them with us. we are still here. and we are with you. Reply Calle Fales says April 21, 2017 at 9:50 am Thank you!!! I love that you took the time for yourself to not only better yourself but to better your writing. I’ve read many books where the endings seem rushed because of deadlines. I would much rather wait for a book that does the characters and storyline justice!!! I still am eager for more work from you but all good things come to those who wait!! And when the next book comes it will just give me an excuse to reread the others!!! Go you though!!!! Reply Yoli Alamo says April 21, 2017 at 9:10 pm Just take a day at a time. That’s all, I wish I had half the creative mind that you have. Your books are outstanding and they gripped me from day one and I haven’t let go yet! It’s better to take your time and produced a worthy novel that challenges the readers mind and transfer them to the surreal places that you come out with, than coming out with 17 books a year with the same story line that the readers can loose interest in them. Trust me, writers can loose the essence of a good story line and fill pages w a bunch of words that can bore people out. I can say for myself that I enjoy re-reading your books over and over. Especially once the new one comes out. I know of a bunch of series that started amazingly and after the 14th book I lost interest because fundamentally there was no end near or too many loose ends to tied up. At book 23 things keep getting repetitive and the loose their worth. Don’t pay mind to those hateful people. If they don’t like it, too bad for them. Yes, everyone gets a lil anxious waiting for the next book,me? I just check from time to time your website or amazon to see if there’s a release date. If not, I keep looking for books that can entertain me for a bit. I hope you keep hold of your joy, and if you receive a hateful comment just ignore them or block them. With that said, I just can’t wait for the next book in the demon saga but until then, I’ll be here waiting patiently for the incredible book that I know it’s going to be. Thank you for your amazing words, and don’t forget that it’s good to be selfish from time to time and that sometimes you need to give yourself some tlc! Xoxo Reply Janice Donahue says April 23, 2017 at 8:19 pm Loved the demon books, just finished the last one with Harper in another year. I am looking forward to the next but under stand how negativity can really get to you after a while. I feel those who are being that way really don’t deserve your time or efforts that you put into your story and characters. Get your groove back lady and take as long as it takes. Your true fans will be hear waiting Reply Starr Atkins says May 4, 2017 at 3:59 am I know you hear/read this a lot but let me tell you how I came into contact with the story. I was looking for new books in the free section of Google play books and saw this one and a few others I decided to download. I read two other box sets before coming to Beautiful Demons. From the first book to the last book published I read them all in 8 days. (A problem I have when I get lost in a story. I use all my spare time including sleep to finish it.) Once I was done I checked here to see when the next book would come out. It already had three days prior and I’d read it already. So I went to Barnes and noble to pick up physical copies… nothing. (Im still a tad bumed out they don’t carry them.) So I looked to see when the tv adaptation would come out because it’s such great content. Nothing, so I went back and wanted to read everything related to Harper. I read Wrath and Sacrifice me. I check back once every couple months to see if Harper and Jackson found each other or if Aerden told Leah the truth yet and to see how she reacted because I’ve grown to love her to. When I really want to know I re read the books. What I’m saying is I’m a new customer that came right before you took time off and I’m not going anywhere. The story is truly binding. Life happens and most people don’t understand that. The way you tell your story in the books let’s me know you love writing. Take as much time as you need, Harper will be there when you find her joy again, and so will your readers. (I’ve been saving money on my play card for just that day… and that money doesn’t expire). Hope you get well soon. 🙂 Reply Wendy says May 16, 2017 at 1:30 pm It’s so great knowing that someone who writes these books that I relate so heavily to I can also relate to. You’re wonderful and don’t let the bad outweigh the good. Reply Lizzy says May 18, 2017 at 5:08 pm Hello from the U.K, I am a newbie to your shadow demons saga, 8 book in a week and a half and Im so excited about the next. You are an amazing writer and your blog was personal but it made me connect with you and you are a Harper! You are strong, brave and compassionate, you need to look out for you first though otherwise your magic will burn out and that would be an awful shame for the world….. Sorry being dramatic there. Truly though you are a wonderful writer and I can’t wait to delve into your other stories, you bring much needed escape from a harsh world and sometimes people don’t think when they ask and nag about book releases….they are just wanting to escape back to the beautiful world your created and that is such a powerful skill you have. If you rush it won’t be as magical or as good and no one will appreciate that either.when you have finished your next book your readers will be so excited to read it and will appreciate it so much more than an author who bangs out 17 books a year and punctuation and spelling become extremely poor. I hope you start to find your core renege soon, make sure you meditate and practice your magic and in time you will gain strength. You have a lot of devoted fans, and guess what….I am now one of them, xxx lizzy Reply Tia Dewey says May 19, 2017 at 8:34 pm Thank you for the open and honest update! I have been checking constantly for “fates surrender” I am really looking forward to reading it! Your an amazing writer and although I have been jonesing for more I will be thrilled to read it whenever it comes out! I really fell in love with reading all over again because of you!!! Thank you. Your amazing!! Tia Reply Leshni says May 28, 2017 at 10:15 am Hey sarra just remember whatever you write we believe in you. We know that whatever you will write we will love because it’s what you wanted to write made us love the first book resulting to us reading the following books. So believe in yourself, in us. You must write what you want. not what others want. P.s I am very excited and I will be disappointed to know that you wrote under pressure Reply Sydney says May 29, 2017 at 1:35 am I’m glad to hear you are doing better. I have loved all your books. You are truly doing great. I hope that you continue to have good day. You are amazing. Thank you for sharing your passion. Reply Will says June 13, 2017 at 7:55 am I have written some of my best work after battling through my hardest times and I can guarantee whatever pain you’ve felt will fuel your ambition and creativity. You truly are an exceptionally creative story teller and I look forward to what’s coming next! Reply Dirk says June 22, 2017 at 9:10 am Love your books. Thanks for sharing YOU with us. 🙂 I look forward to reading your future writings whenever they become available. Be well. Reply Patricia Leona Hopkins says June 27, 2017 at 8:42 am Hello Sarra I am a fan of the Shadow Demon Saga books. It started with me getting the three free collection and from there I was hooked. I am glad you are taking time for yourself so that you can feel more like writing. Your books hook me from the first page to the last page. I feel like I am in your world when I read. I love Jackson and Harper. I hope you are feeling better and don’t worry about your due dates. Don’t worry about what some people think, you have many fans and I am one of them. Thank you for your great books and I hope that #9 with come out soon. i can’t wait. Reply Lynne R-K says July 23, 2017 at 1:42 pm Keep fighting for yourself. Your loyal readers will be there when you need us. One needs (from time to time), to put themselves and their welfare first. Blessed be. Reply Ttmoana says August 6, 2017 at 5:43 pm I love your books, i started reading them and couldnt out them down lol. Whenever tje next comes out i know all enjoy every minute. Thanks for opening up the world of Harper Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Primary Sidebar Search this website About me Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. Oh, and it's possible I know a few things about casting spells. Read more about me here. Sarra Cannon’s Newsletter Book Release Alerts, Exclusive Content, and Giveaways Connect! Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Instagram Add Sarra’s books on Goodreads Sarra Cannon's books on Goodreads Beautiful Demons (The Shadow Demons Saga #1) reviews: 567 ratings: 7152 (avg rating 3.82) Bitter Demons (The Shadow Demons Saga #3) reviews: 165 ratings: 3488 (avg rating 4.15) Inner Demons (The Shadow Demons Saga #2) reviews: 206 ratings: 3886 (avg rating 4.08) The Trouble with Goodbye (Fairhope, #1) reviews: 386 ratings: 4187 (avg rating 3.77) Rival Demons (The Shadow Demons Saga #5) reviews: 146 ratings: 2671 (avg rating 4.36) Pinterest Recent Posts Exciting Announcement: The Willow Harbor Series Dear Readers: An Honest Update From Sarra A Quick Demons Update New Release!!! The Trouble With I Do, Fairhope 6 Celebrating 6 Years of Indie Publishing Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (1) April 2017  (1) February 2017  (1) December 2016  (1) October 2016  (2) September 2016  (1) June 2016  (1) March 2016  (2) February 2016  (2) December 2015  (2) October 2015  (2) September 2015  (1) August 2015  (3) June 2015  (2) May 2015  (6) March 2015  (1) February 2015  (1) November 2014  (2) October 2014  (2) September 2014  (3) August 2014  (1) June 2014  (3) May 2014  (1) April 2014  (2) February 2014  (2) January 2014  (5) December 2013  (6) November 2013  (3) October 2013  (4) September 2013  (6) August 2013  (1) July 2013  (4) June 2013  (4) May 2013  (4) April 2013  (3) March 2013  (4) February 2013  (2) January 2013  (3) December 2012  (7) November 2012  (3) October 2012  (3) September 2012  (5) August 2012  (3) July 2012  (1) May 2012  (6) April 2012  (7) March 2012  (6) February 2012  (4) January 2012  (9) December 2011  (5) November 2011  (5) October 2011  (1) September 2011  (10) August 2011  (7) July 2011  (14) June 2011  (10) May 2011  (10) April 2011  (12) March 2011  (15) February 2011  (16) January 2011  (18) December 2010  (4) November 2010  (6) October 2010  (1) September 2010  (3) August 2010  (18) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (1) May 2010  (20) April 2010  (19) March 2010  (21) February 2010  (15) January 2010  (17) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (16) October 2009  (16) September 2009  (20) August 2009  (12) July 2009  (13) June 2009  (18) May 2009  (18) April 2009  (14) March 2009  (13) February 2009  (14) January 2009  (11) December 2008  (15) November 2008  (12) October 2008  (13) September 2008  (17) August 2008  (14) July 2008  (20) June 2008  (11) May 2008  (10) April 2008  (16) March 2008  (14) February 2008  (11) January 2008  (17) December 2007  (11) Footer About Sarra Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. read more >> Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Find me on Facebook Sarra Cannon Featured Book The Trouble With I Do View Book Copyright © 2017 · Sarra Cannon · website deisgn by Designer Blogs Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources
