A Life With No Regrets - Sarra Cannon Skip links Skip to content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to footer Sarra Cannon Author Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources A Life With No Regrets Book 5$3.99 Available in: eBook Published: February 22, 2016 AmazonBarnes & NobleGoogleiBooksKobo They can’t spend their whole lives running from love… Jo I can’t get hurt again. I fell in love once a long time ago, and I almost didn’t survive it. I’m not sure I can go through that again, but every time Colton walks into this bar, I feel myself giving into him a little bit more. I’ve worked so hard to make my life safe. To never do anything I might someday regret. But when it comes to Colton, I’m not sure how much longer I can resist him. Colton I’m the life of the party. The guy you come to when you want to have a good time, no strings attached. But what if I want more? Jo is the most beautiful, most complicated woman I’ve ever met in my life. She’s also my boss. And no matter how hard I try to break through the walls she’s built around herself, she keeps putting them right back up. I’m determined to get to know the real Jo, and while I’m not giving up any time soon, I only hope I can be the man she needs me to be when the time comes. Jo hides from everyone and everything, terrified of getting hurt again. Colton is an open book, scared of never finding the one connection that will be strong enough to last. When tragedy strikes and they are both left reeling in its wake, will they learn to lean on each other? Or will the fear of regret and pain push them apart forever? Series: Fairhope Series Tagged with: Contemporary Books, Fairhope Series, NA Footer About Sarra Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. read more >> Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Find me on Facebook Sarra Cannon Featured Book The Trouble With I Do View Book Copyright © 2017 · Sarra Cannon · website deisgn by Designer Blogs MENU Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources
