The Trouble With I Do - Sarra Cannon Skip links Skip to content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to footer Sarra Cannon Author Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources The Trouble With I Do Book 6$2.99 Available in: eBook Published: December 4, 2016 AmazonBarnes & NobleGoogleiBooksKobo The trouble with ‘I Do’ is that in order to live the life of their dreams, they’ll have to face the nightmares of their past… Leigh Anne Davis came home to the small town of Fairhope, Georgia two years ago, believing her life was over. Instead, she fell madly in love, reconnected with dear friends, and built a new life for herself. Still, she can’t help but feel that something is missing. She wants nothing more than to be the happy woman everyone expects her to be, but some wounds cut so deep, they leave scars that never fully heal. When Knox Warner came to Fairhope, he was running from a past he wanted desperately to forget. He never dreamed he would become so close to his cousin and uncle, build a business of his own, and fall in love with a woman who understands him in a way no one ever has before. He’s ready to propose to Leigh Anne, but her family’s expectations bring back feelings of self-doubt he thought he’d conquered when his father died. Will Leigh Anne and Knox allow the pain of their past to tear them apart? Or will they finally fight for the love they deserve? The Trouble With I Do is the final book in the bestselling Fairhope small town romance series. While most of the books in this series can stand alone, this final book is meant to be read last and as a part of the entire series. Series: Fairhope Series Tagged with: Contemporary Romance, Fairhope Series, New Adult Footer About Sarra Hi, I'm Sarra! Storytelling is my passion. I'm obsessed with making up new worlds and magic systems, putting fun twists on old ideas, and keeping my readers turning pages late into the night. read more >> Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest Twitter Find me on Facebook Sarra Cannon Featured Book The Trouble With I Do View Book Copyright © 2017 · Sarra Cannon · website deisgn by Designer Blogs MENU Home Books The Shadow Demons Saga Beautiful Demons Box Set Shadow Demons Rival Demons Demons Forever Emerald Darkness Forgotten Darkness Sacrifice Me Series Eternal Sorrows Trilogy Death’s Awakening Sorrow’s Gift Fairhope Series The Trouble With Goodbye The Moment We Began A Season For Hope The Fear Of Letting Go A Life With No Regrets The Trouble With I Do Blog About Contact JOIN MY NEWSLETTER Indie Resources Self-Pub Guides How to Make a Book Teaser Using PicMonkey Frequently Asked Questions about Self-Publishing What You Need Before You Publish How to Publish an eBook on Amazon How To Publish An eBook On Barnes & Noble How To Publish An eBook on Kobo Outline of Self-Publishing Success Talk Navigating the iTunes Best Seller Lists Navigating the Amazon Best Seller Lists Searching Google For Specific Images Smashwords Formatting Guide for Open Office Word Meter Rank Obsession Indie Web Resources
