Andy – The Furnish APP | Furniture Business Blog Home Team Details Blog Contact Us Products best seo company Sitemap Twitter WordPress Facebook Dribbble Google+ Author: Andy Recent Posts The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents April 27, 2017 Understanding Real Estate Laws February 2, 2017 The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors January 8, 2017 Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing January 4, 2017 Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding December 28, 2016 Search Search for: Browse Site Home Team Details Blog Contact Us Products best seo company Sitemap Categories Business (2) Software (10) Technology (2) Business The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents Posted By Andy Many people don’t realize that identity theft is a real thing. Furthermore, they don’t realize that often, identity theft happens because sensitive Shred-it get into the wrong hands. You can avoid this by shredding sensitive documents that you have at your home, or if you have a business or organization, you can shred these documents as well. Read More Leave a comment 4 months ago Business Understanding Real Estate Laws Posted By Andy An estate is all the property both real and personal, owned or controlled by a person at the time of his or her death. The property may be held in partnership, your name, in joint ownership, or through a trust. Your estate entails all personal property, powers appointment, life insurance and annuity contracts, real property, and businesses and business interests. Real estate laws are legal statements that give a guideline on absolute terms, scenarios, conditions, and obligations each party and organization need to follow while making deals concerning buildings and land. An Read More Leave a comment 7 months ago Technology The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors Posted By Andy As the number of smartphone and tablet owners increase, there has been an incredible rise in the popularity of the mobile Pronto Form App. The greatest beneficiaries, however, are companies and organizations whose workers are usually based in different remote locations. Among them are contractors who are more likely to send their employees to work in far and apart locations, many miles away from the main office. According to SANS Institute report, employees are demanding accessibility to business apps and data from anywhere and anytime but want to choose the devices they should use. Read More Leave a comment 8 months ago Technology Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing Posted By Andy System integration testing, formally known as SIT, is basically a black box testing technique of evaluating the compliance of a system against some set requirements. The SIT is carried out on a system subset with minimum utilization of testing tools, certified for the specific interactions exchanged as well as for each data field within the individual layer being investigated. Read More Leave a comment 8 months ago Software Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding Posted By Andy Almost all professional businesses generate paperwork that contains valuable customer information and private employee information on it. This may include reports showing employees’ salaries, customer’s credit card information or medical history and much more. When such documents are not properly destroyed through effective document shredding Chattanooga practices, there is a risk that they could fall into the wrong hands. This could result in identity theft, loss of funds and much more for your customers and employees alike. As a business, you may be held liable for such events if you fail to use proper paper shredding services and practices in your operations. Closer analysis of the situation will reveal why you may need to improve your document destruction practices. Read More Leave a comment 8 months ago Software Gifts for Her… Posted By Andy We have a few ideas of what she might like to receive this holiday.  There’s a mix of easy to find pick-up items, as well as collectibles! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Gifts for Him Posted By Andy Isn’t so hard to buy for guy?  Well, we rounded up some cool picks that our own cool guys would want this holiday.  Here are our last minute gift ideas! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Cottage Dining Posted By Andy We put this room together with the idea that traditional cottage neutrals can be mixed with more contemporary accents like the sconces and rug. Sources: Chest | Ceramic Vase | Lamaison Bottles | Sconces | Dining Table | Rug| Dining Chairs Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Happy Halloween Posted By Andy That crisp smell in the air, the last harvests of summer leading into fall, and the anticipation of the special day at the end of the month.  It’s Halloween.  We gathered some of our favorites of the holiday for you and your home! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Decor in Yellow Posted By Andy Yellow is often an unexpected color in decorating but it can be fresh exciting.  It provides just the right amount of pop and surprise when used sparingly, or it can change an entire room when flooded on the walls or windows.  Here are some of Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago 1 2 Next » Recent Posts The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents April 27, 2017 Understanding Real Estate Laws February 2, 2017 The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors January 8, 2017 Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing January 4, 2017 Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding December 28, 2016 Recent Comments Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: Mediaphase Lite by ThemeFurnace.
