Software – The Furnish APP | Furniture Business Blog Home Team Details Blog Contact Us Products best seo company Sitemap Twitter WordPress Facebook Dribbble Google+ Category: Software Recent Posts The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents April 27, 2017 Understanding Real Estate Laws February 2, 2017 The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors January 8, 2017 Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing January 4, 2017 Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding December 28, 2016 Search Search for: Browse Site Home Team Details Blog Contact Us Products best seo company Sitemap Categories Business (2) Software (10) Technology (2) Software Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding Posted By Andy Almost all professional businesses generate paperwork that contains valuable customer information and private employee information on it. This may include reports showing employees’ salaries, customer’s credit card information or medical history and much more. When such documents are not properly destroyed through effective document shredding Chattanooga practices, there is a risk that they could fall into the wrong hands. This could result in identity theft, loss of funds and much more for your customers and employees alike. As a business, you may be held liable for such events if you fail to use proper paper shredding services and practices in your operations. Closer analysis of the situation will reveal why you may need to improve your document destruction practices. Read More Leave a comment 8 months ago Software Gifts for Her… Posted By Andy We have a few ideas of what she might like to receive this holiday.  There’s a mix of easy to find pick-up items, as well as collectibles! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Gifts for Him Posted By Andy Isn’t so hard to buy for guy?  Well, we rounded up some cool picks that our own cool guys would want this holiday.  Here are our last minute gift ideas! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Cottage Dining Posted By Andy We put this room together with the idea that traditional cottage neutrals can be mixed with more contemporary accents like the sconces and rug. Sources: Chest | Ceramic Vase | Lamaison Bottles | Sconces | Dining Table | Rug| Dining Chairs Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Happy Halloween Posted By Andy That crisp smell in the air, the last harvests of summer leading into fall, and the anticipation of the special day at the end of the month.  It’s Halloween.  We gathered some of our favorites of the holiday for you and your home! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Decor in Yellow Posted By Andy Yellow is often an unexpected color in decorating but it can be fresh exciting.  It provides just the right amount of pop and surprise when used sparingly, or it can change an entire room when flooded on the walls or windows.  Here are some of Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Al Fresco Dining Posted By Andy When it comes to dining outside, pulling table elements from nature is an easy and convenient choice.  Choose branches, wildflowers, or even logs you may have in the yard.  Or, if you don’t have anything just laying around, or have a small dining space, you Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Pretty in Pink Posted By Andy Whether it’s your wardrobe, a fine piece of furniture, accessory or accent, pink is always a good choice.  It can serve as both a neutral backdrop on a wall or add just the right amount of color by way of a pillow, vase, or flowers! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software For Dear Old Dad Posted By Andy If you’re running out to the stores last minute, or ordering online for weekend delivery, these gifts will make Dad happy this weekend! Sources swim suit | beach cruiser (for similar) | shorts | card | bowtie | usb cord | pocket square | sunglasses | Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Beachside Symmetry Posted By Andy Something about the beach makes us want to create rooms with clean, symmetrical lines, colors from the landscape, and natural materials. Imagine relaxing on a cool leather chair after a hot day on the beach! Sofa | Chairs | Water Prints | Coral Prints | Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Recent Posts The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents April 27, 2017 Understanding Real Estate Laws February 2, 2017 The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors January 8, 2017 Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing January 4, 2017 Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding December 28, 2016 Recent Comments Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: Mediaphase Lite by ThemeFurnace.
