The Furnish APP | – Business Blog Furniture Business Blog Home Team Details Blog Contact Us Products best seo company Sitemap Twitter WordPress Facebook Dribbble Google+ Business Magazine Smart Home, Technology, & Investment Read More Details Business Opportunities & Information More Info Latest News This is where you can display your latest business blog posts Business The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents Posted By Andy Many people don’t realize that identity theft is a real thing. Furthermore, they don’t realize that often, identity theft happens because sensitive Shred-it get into the wrong hands. You can avoid this by shredding sensitive documents that you have at your home, or if you have a business or organization, you can shred these documents as well. 0 Comments 4 months ago Business Understanding Real Estate Laws Posted By Andy An estate is all the property both real and personal, owned or controlled by a person at the time of his or her death. The property may be held in partnership, your name, in joint ownership, or through a trust. Your estate entails all personal property, powers appointment, life insurance and annuity contracts, real property, and businesses and business interests. Real estate laws are legal statements that give a guideline on absolute terms, scenarios, conditions, and obligations each party and organization need to follow while making deals concerning buildings and land. An 0 Comments 7 months ago Technology The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors Posted By Andy As the number of smartphone and tablet owners increase, there has been an incredible rise in the popularity of the mobile Pronto Form App. The greatest beneficiaries, however, are companies and organizations whose workers are usually based in different remote locations. Among them are contractors who are more likely to send their employees to work in far and apart locations, many miles away from the main office. According to SANS Institute report, employees are demanding accessibility to business apps and data from anywhere and anytime but want to choose the devices they should use. 0 Comments 8 months ago Technology Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing Posted By Andy System integration testing, formally known as SIT, is basically a black box testing technique of evaluating the compliance of a system against some set requirements. The SIT is carried out on a system subset with minimum utilization of testing tools, certified for the specific interactions exchanged as well as for each data field within the individual layer being investigated. 0 Comments 8 months ago Software Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding Posted By Andy Almost all professional businesses generate paperwork that contains valuable customer information and private employee information on it. This may include reports showing employees’ salaries, customer’s credit card information or medical history and much more. When such documents are not properly destroyed through effective document shredding Chattanooga practices, there is a risk that they could fall into the wrong hands. This could result in identity theft, loss of funds and much more for your customers and employees alike. As a business, you may be held liable for such events if you fail to use proper paper shredding services and practices in your operations. Closer analysis of the situation will reveal why you may need to improve your document destruction practices. 0 Comments 8 months ago Software Gifts for Her… Posted By Andy We have a few ideas of what she might like to receive this holiday.  There’s a mix of easy to find pick-up items, as well as collectibles! 0 Comments 10 months ago Recent Posts The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents April 27, 2017 Understanding Real Estate Laws February 2, 2017 The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors January 8, 2017 Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing January 4, 2017 Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding December 28, 2016 Recent Comments Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: Mediaphase Lite by ThemeFurnace.
