Blog – The Furnish APP | Furniture Business Blog Home Team Details Blog Contact Us Products best seo company Sitemap Twitter WordPress Facebook Dribbble Google+ Recent Posts The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents April 27, 2017 Understanding Real Estate Laws February 2, 2017 The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors January 8, 2017 Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing January 4, 2017 Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding December 28, 2016 Search Search for: Browse Site Home Team Details Blog Contact Us Products best seo company Sitemap Categories Business (2) Software (10) Technology (2) Business The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents Posted By Andy Many people don’t realize that identity theft is a real thing. Furthermore, they don’t realize that often, identity theft happens because sensitive documents get into the wrong hands. You can avoid this by shredding sensitive documents that you have at your home, or if you have a business or organization, you can shred these documents as well. The question is where should you shred your documents. Many companies, organizations and individuals feel that shredding documents themselves is the best idea, but it’s actually not a wise choice, and here’s why. 1) You’ll waste your precious time. Paper shredding at home will ultimately take you a lot of time. Unless you have an extremely large and expensive shredder, someone will need to feed each document through the shredder, which can take hours. 2) You’ll waste your money as well. Document destruction Victoria naturally requires the use of a quality shredder, and these can be extremely expensive, especially if you purchase one that is meant for business and industrial use. They also require special parts if they need fixing. 3) The whole experience can be stressful. When you know that you have sensitive information from other people, it can be stressful when it comes to dealing with this information. However, handing this responsibility over to professionals can put your mind at ease and reduce the stress on you and your employees. Furthermore, professionals will make sure that you are abiding by federal and state regulations on the destruction of personal information. 4) Your personal information might still be at risk. When you use an at home paper shredder, you are not actually destroying your sensitive documents in the most effective way because these shredders shred documents in a way where information could still be compromised. On the other hand, professional paper shredders absolutely destroy sensitive documents so that they could never be put back together or deemed readable. 5) You may lose customers if they know that you don’t outsource your shredding. Your clients and customers will be happiest knowing that their sensitive information is being completely destroyed by professionals. 6) You can get other services done when you go with a secure document shredding company. Many document shredding companies also take care of things like hard drive destruction. This can be valuable so that digital data doesn’t get into the wrong hands as well. If you are an individual who has sensitive documents that need to be shredded or if you own and operate a company or business where sensitive documents need to be destroyed, make sure that you consider going with a professional document shredding company for all of your shredding services. The benefits are numerous, and it can ultimately save you a lot of time and money. Read More Leave a comment 4 months ago Business Understanding Real Estate Laws Posted By Andy An estate is all the property both real and personal, owned or controlled by a person at the time of his or her death. The property may be held in partnership, your name, in joint ownership, or through a trust. Your estate entails all personal property, powers appointment, life insurance and annuity contracts, real property, and businesses and business interests. Real estate laws are legal statements that give a guideline on absolute terms, scenarios, conditions, and obligations each party and organization need to follow while making deals concerning buildings and land. An estate lawyer oversees business transactions and guides parties to adhere to estate laws. The laws protect both sides in any such agreement concerning real estate. Roles of estate lawyers Estate lawyers specialize in real estate law, and they document and go over property transactions like inspections, purchases, transfering business ownership, appraisals, and leases. An estate lawyer will also help in resolving insurance and environmental issues. In case you experience a problem with business transactions, an estate lawyer will go to court to defend the property owner involved in the lawsuit. Estate lawyers draft documents with the guidelines of real estate law. They will put together purchase contracts, financing agreements, conveyance transactions, rental agreements, and leases. Note that a property agent can assist you to fill out the paperwork; however, only a licensed estate lawyer with experience in real estate law can draft and revise the documents. An estate lawyer will also negotiate terms and conditions of various deals on behalf on a client. It will entail working together with other brokers, estate attorneys, investors, and developers. Sometimes real estate deals do not turn out as they were planned, and in such cases, courts get involved. That is where the experience and knowledge of estate attorneys come into play. The attorney puts into place the legal pleadings to file with the judge. An estate lawyer will represent a client in court. Estate attorneys are also concerned with reviewing and advising people on real estate transactions. A client negotiates his or her transaction and signs a contract then hires an estate attorney to look at the deal and advise accordingly. These lawyers are trained so they can notice an issue that the client cannot recognize. What you must know about real estate law Every property owner or investor needs to understand the basics of real estate law; not just estate agents and attorneys. Investors should understand the legal procedures to ensure a smooth transfer of ownership of property they are buying or selling. Additionally, understand the financial implications of buying the property and the guiding law. An investor must also understand the classification of properties and how laws apply. Note that real estate law has different applications to residential and commercial properties. The tax laws relating to property should also be a concern for every investor. Tenancy aspect of the property law needs to be clearly understood by a landlord or landlady. Ensure you comprehend all legal terms referred to in property laws. Read More Leave a comment 7 months ago Technology The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors Posted By Andy As the number of smartphone and tablet owners increase, there has been an incredible rise in the popularity of the mobile form app. The greatest beneficiaries, however, are companies and organizations whose workers are usually based in different remote locations. Among them are contractors who are more likely to send their employees to work in far and apart locations, many miles away from the main office. According to SANS Institute report, employees are demanding accessibility to business apps and data from anywhere and anytime but want to choose the devices they should use. Like all good things, however, mobile workforce forms come with various challenges. Greatest among them are security loopholes that, in one way or another, may result to leakage of critical data. In addition, the data may be altered in case of theft of the device or irresponsible behavior of an employee. Forms of Security Threats One of the biggest risks to mobile form apps, grayware is the space between genuine software and malware. It is known for its persistent intrusion and can lead to great damages. For instance, it can result into leakage of sensitive information, change book marks and mislead users into installing other apps. Additional threats include stealing of information, infection and reconfiguration of devices, tracking users and piggybacking on accounts. In addition, the apps may cause drainage of battery, low productivity of employees as well as increase in the costs of mobile data plans. These security threats are commonly known as performance risks. Protecting Mobile Apps As a contractor, you can always enlist the assistance of mobile security experts to protect your mobile apps against threats. Numerous technologies and methods can be used to secure access to your organizations data through mobile devices, including data loss prevention (DLP) which is used to remove any possibility of loss of the contractor’s data. Many companies use Mobile Device Management (MDM) platforms to control accessibility to certain apps on their network by devices. One of the benefits of using MDM is its ability to accommodate software distribution, password and encryption management, remote wipe and lock as well as configuration, among other tasks. In addition, it doesn’t make it any difficult for employees to use their personal devices in their work, thereby cutting down on costs and improving convenience. Conclusion The space between personal life and workplace responsibilities has narrowed. Employees use the same devices and apps for both personal and workplace obligations. To protect your form app, therefore, you should ensure more security by imposing policies and taking your employees through training. For example, you may allow the downloading of apps only from the company’s app store. By providing user education to your employees, you help them understand all the risks involved in the downloading of the company’s apps into personal mobile devices. There are resources available at ProntoForms if you want more information. Read More Leave a comment 8 months ago Technology Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing Posted By Andy System integration testing, formally known as SIT, is basically a black box testing technique of evaluating the compliance of a system against some set requirements. The SIT is carried out on a system subset with minimum utilization of testing tools, certified for the specific interactions exchanged as well as for each data field within the individual layer being investigated. Complete Unit Testing First Typically, System Integration Testing should take place after completing System Unit Testing (SUT) and prior to complete system testing. It provides the bridge between functionality of the software and full system operation, and provides application quality assurance. Your strategy of integration software testing cannot be executed successfully if first, code has not passed the process of unit testing (SUT). Developers write unit tests to make sure each small portion of code is properly functioning. These shouldn’t have any outside systems dependencies; rather, they ought to test internal consistency. Using unit testing for checking code prior to passing it down the system funnel reduces the number of bugs testers. It boosts user experience as they begin testing individual system pieces as well as verifying how small collections are working together. Integration software testing validates whether the functional sub processes operating within the system are working appropriately when integrated together. Without it, you could have buggy code even before the integration has taken shape. Have Software Configuration Management Before you start with the System Integration Testing, ensure that a dynamic Software Configuration Management system has been put in place. Otherwise you may encounter a hard time keeping track of the right version of each of the units. This is particularly true if the number of units that are to be integrated is substantial. As part of ensuring a successful System Integration Testing, make sure that an appropriate detail design document is ready where the interactions between the different units have been clearly defined. You will not in fact be able to carry out the Integration Testing without first acquiring this information. When Possible Automate Testing Integration testing, whenever possible, should be automated without compromising the process integrity. Checking for defects manually is time-consuming, tedious, and in a number of instances ineffective. Automated integration testing allows your development teams to continue working while the software testing is being performed. Besides that, automation runs tests quickly and repeatedly, increasing the chances of identifying small defects immediately, which gives developers time to implement suitable fixes. Conclusion An effective system integration testing strategy is crucial to your entire software development process. The goal of this level of system testing is to provide application quality assurance by exposing potential faults and defects in the interaction between units that are integrated. Either the testing can be performed by developers themselves or by independent testers. There are additional resources available at QA Consultants. Read More Leave a comment 8 months ago Software Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding Posted By Andy Almost all professional businesses generate paperwork that contains valuable customer information and private employee information on it. This may include reports showing employees’ salaries, customer’s credit card information or medical history and much more. When such documents are not properly destroyed through effective document shredding practices, there is a risk that they could fall into the wrong hands. This could result in identity theft, loss of funds and much more for your customers and employees alike. As a business, you may be held liable for such events if you fail to use proper paper shredding services and practices in your operations. Closer analysis of the situation will reveal why you may need to improve your document destruction practices. The Impact of Identity Theft on Your Business Identity theft and other related crimes are more than just a stressful hassle for your customers and employees to deal with. In some cases, they may lose hundreds, thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars. They may also spend countless hours trying to rectify the situation through dealing with credit card companies, credit reporting agencies and more. In addition, there undoubtedly is pain and suffering associated with this process. When your business is linked to identity theft or other related crimes, you may be exposed to an expensive liability lawsuit that covers all aspects of the impact this situation had on their lives. More than that, the media may pick up the story, and this could result in a disastrous public relations nightmare that can be difficult for your business to overcome. Between the legal costs and the potential loss of income, your company may experience a huge financial hit. How Paper Shredding Services Can Help Through document shredding practices, you can ensure that all private and personal documents are properly destroyed. While your team could shred documents on your own with a small shredder, it is best to use professional paper shredding services. Through professional document destruction services, you can drastically reduce your liability exposure. This is because professional services use a locked storage box for documents until they are ready to be picked up and shredded. Professional services use the best possible method of shredding to yield superior results for you. The liability risk that companies face through improper document destruction practices can be significant, but there is an easy resolution to dealing with this risk. You simply have to hire the right company to provide paper shredding services. When shopping around, look for a company that uses on-site shredding using the hammermill shredding method for the best results. To gain more information, Shred-it may be able to provide additional insights with their online resources. Read More Leave a comment 8 months ago Software Gifts for Her… Posted By Andy We have a few ideas of what she might like to receive this holiday.  There’s a mix of easy to find pick-up items, as well as collectibles! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Gifts for Him Posted By Andy Isn’t so hard to buy for guy?  Well, we rounded up some cool picks that our own cool guys would want this holiday.  Here are our last minute gift ideas! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Cottage Dining Posted By Andy We put this room together with the idea that traditional cottage neutrals can be mixed with more contemporary accents like the sconces and rug. Sources: Chest | Ceramic Vase | Lamaison Bottles | Sconces | Dining Table | Rug| Dining Chairs Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Happy Halloween Posted By Andy That crisp smell in the air, the last harvests of summer leading into fall, and the anticipation of the special day at the end of the month.  It’s Halloween.  We gathered some of our favorites of the holiday for you and your home! Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago Software Decor in Yellow Posted By Andy Yellow is often an unexpected color in decorating but it can be fresh exciting.  It provides just the right amount of pop and surprise when used sparingly, or it can change an entire room when flooded on the walls or windows.  Here are some of our picks if you’re just starting out. Sources: Appliqued Lace Curtain from Anthropologie | Birdhouse from Made in Design | Leah Nuloom Rug from Bluefly | Confetti Pillow from Milk & Sugar |Lemon Twist Gourd Lamp from Lamps Plus | Weekend Low Armchair from Made in Design | Knitted Yellow Pouf from CB2 | West 18th Filing Cabinet from Indigo Read More Leave a comment 10 months ago 1 2 Next » Recent Posts The 6 Reasons Why You Should Never Shred Your Own Sensitive Documents April 27, 2017 Understanding Real Estate Laws February 2, 2017 The Need for a Secure Mobile Form App for Contractors January 8, 2017 Ensuring Successful System Integration Testing January 4, 2017 Reduce Liability Risk With Professional Document Shredding December 28, 2016 Recent Comments Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: Mediaphase Lite by ThemeFurnace.
