Careers at VigLink Home Publishers Merchants Customer Success About Our Team Careers Blog Sign Up Login Home Publishers Merchants Customer Success About Our Team Careers Blog Sign Up Login Work at VigLink We’re Hiring! Join the action. Vision & Mission Our Values Benefits The Team Our Vision Make the web better by making every link intelligent and valuable Our Mission Be the platform on which site-to-site clicks are priced, bought, and sold Considering VigLink? VigLink emphasizes employee happiness as much as it does quality of work. You can expect a vibrant office full of the smartest people who wake up each morning determined to challenge status quo. We value dedication, but we also understand the importance of time spent out of the office. If this sounds like the type of environment you would thrive in, we would love to hear from you. Our Values Dare Pursue missions, not tasks. Question our status quo, we reward risk-taking and smart failure. Our Values Overcome Build for now, plan for later. Tackle obstacles by going to the source and deliver. Challenge Fight as if you’re right, listen as if you’re wrong. Define your preferred forum for structured feedback by acknowledging receipt and indicating response. Collaborate Share information and resources across teams to unwind complexity. Follow through and inspire trust. Play Celebrate your co-workers and be a friend. Participate - willingly & happily and check your bad energy at the door. A Place with GREAT Perks Your health is important to us. Full medical, dental and vision coverage for employees. Long term and short term disability coverage, and life Insurance. Vacations and holidays are embraced. Because we think hard work is something to be rewarded, we offer unlimited paid time off. We’re also closed on all major holidays, including an extended winter break! Plan for your future Save for your retirement with our 401(k) plan. We want you to be ready for all life’s adventures. Keep learning. While we encouraging our employees to attend conferences and industry events, we also offer each employee an annual $2,000 learning credit. Let's eat! We love to eat(!) and have regularly catered lunches and the best snack pantry you’ve ever seen! Take care of your family. Dependent Care FSA: This allows for pre-tax contributions for dependent care related expenses (daycare, etc.) The company that plays together, stays together. From baseball games, company trips, to charity work, we make it a priority to take time for fun monthly company outings! Save on your commute. Set aside pre-tax dollars to help you get where you need to go with Mass Transit and Parking Flexible Spending Accounts! Introduce us to your friends. We love referrals! If we hire your referral for a full time role, internal or external, we'll pay you $3,500 after 90-days of successful employment. Meet Our Team Blog Careers Contact Us Support Developer Center Merchant Explorer Referrals Privacy Policy Opt Out Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram Pinterest Youtube © VigLink 2017 – Call us: 1-888-828-8492 Scroll to top
