Blog - Great Ideas to Monetize Your Content | VigLink Home Publishers Merchants Customer Success About Our Team Careers Blog Sign Up Login Home Publishers Merchants Customer Success About Our Team Careers Blog Sign Up Login Inside VigLink: The Blog WEEKLY ROUNDUP OF OUR BEST PROMOTIONS – 8/21 August 21, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Back to School Gift Guide 2017! August 21, 2017 Trade red for refreshed, itch for ease, and shine for glow.  BioClarity is a clean, green, and never mean way to get beautifully balanced skin using… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions - 8/14 August 14, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Vote for our SXSW panel “Surviving the Digital Publishing Evolution”! August 7, 2017 We’re thrilled to announce we’ve submitted a panel of experts to SXSW’s PanelPicker to discuss “Surviving the Digital Publishing Evolution,”… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions - 8/7 August 7, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions - 7/25 July 25, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Summer Essentials Gift Guide July 19, 2017 Seize your summer with the hottest products! Incorporate these top-selling products into your content and take advantage of VigLink-exclusive deals. And… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions – 7/17 July 17, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions – 7/10 July 10, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions - 7/6 July 6, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → VigLink a Featured Partner in Cloudflare Apps Platform Launch June 27, 2017 We’re proud to be a featured launch partner in the Cloudflare Apps platform, which will introduce more 6 million users to VigLink’s affiliate marketing… Read more → Fourth of July Gift Guide June 27, 2017 We tracked down the best items this Fourth of July! Find a great gift for everyone on your list. Incorporate these top selling products into your content… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions – 6/26 June 26, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Content Tip #12: Use affiliate links! June 23, 2017 We all wish creating great content could be just a little bit simpler at times. From software and tools to improve your work to general productivity tips,… Read more → Confirm Successful Installation of VigLink June 21, 2017 There are a few different ways to check if VigLink is successfully installed on your page.  The first of which is Ghostery. This method works best… Read more → Travel Trends: State of Travel Affiliate Marketing Report June 20, 2017 With more than 40% of consumer travel bookings occurring online or on mobile devices, it comes as no surprise that travel affiliate programs rank among… Read more → Weekly Roundup of Our Best Promotions – 6/19 June 19, 2017 These are the deals your readers have been waiting for, so be sure to share these promotions with them. We also have secured a few increased commission… Read more → Page 1 of 43123›» Categories All Announcements Data and Trends Features Holiday Resource Center Top Commission Increases: Insider Industry News Publisher Resources Publisher Success Stories ABOUT VIGLINK ABOUT VIGLINK By identifying commercial products mentioned within a publisher’s content, VigLink automatically invigorates those terms by transforming them into revenue generating hyperlinks whose destinations are determined in real-time, advertiser-bid auctions. Blog Careers Contact Us Support Developer Center Merchant Explorer Referrals Privacy Policy Opt Out Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram Pinterest Youtube © VigLink 2017 – Call us: 1-888-828-8492 Scroll to top
