SiyahKernel | "One kernel to rule them all" SiyahKernel "One kernel to rule them all" Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Kernels Galaxy S3 (I9300) Galaxy S2 (I9100) Post navigation ← Older posts SiyahKernel s3-v1.9.1 Posted on March 31, 2013 by admin Changelog: based on GT-I9300_JB_Opensource_Update9 updated mali driver to support latest CM-10.1 some ramfs changes/fixes/tweaks tested only on Samsung 4.1.2 latest official ROM and CM-10.1 nightly (30/3/2013). Samsung 4.2 leaks are not supported. Also CM10 support is dropped as I don’t want to keep 3 different mali drivers in the kernel. v1.9.0->v1.9.1: fixed hw acceleration problems (samsung roms only). enabled zram (500MB with swappiness of 100). Download: http://d-h.st/users/siyah/s3 TODO (in later 1.9.X versions): fix slide2wake fix wifi tethering for CM10.1 ROMs improve scoobydoo sound cherrypick Andrei’s mdnie control & calibration magic move dual-boot part of recovery to an aroma installer based zip package Posted in Uncategorized I’m still busy Posted on March 15, 2013 by admin Hi, I am not sure if there is anybody left reading this blog but I hope there are still some RSS subscribers left at least. Yesterday, I accidentally deleted the blog while trying to publish something else in my hosting account. I am pretty busy lately and I haven’t visited xda-developers forum for some time. there were 17 unread PMs and several hundred posts last time I checked. I will not be back before April. I still have an s2 and xperia-t to play with and I am no way getting another Samsung any time soon (especially not S4). I missed the loud fan noise when compiling kernels and discussions on XDA, but real life comes first… oh, btw, it’s a boy Greetings. Gokhan Moral Posted in Uncategorized SiyahKernel S2-v6.0beta5 Posted on February 17, 2013 by admin This kernel is only for Samsung JB ROM (No ICS support anymore). Although the kernel boots CM10.1 I will not support it until I fix dualbooting. Changelog: thanks to mbwatson@XDA for sending me an international Samsung Galaxy S2. Although the screen is cracked it is perfectly readable and also the touchscreen digitizer is working flawlessly. based on latest I9100 JB Kernel source home key is fixed. now it works both in recovery as well as CM10.1 and Samsung ROMs increased default gpu freqs a little bit. the lowest freq is now 108MHz. updated SuperSu. fixed CPU and I/O scheduler changes in STweaks not being applied after reboot. possible workaround for bootloop bug. added boot animation support removed custom CPU steps. the kernel has 6 CPU steps now (1400, 1200, 1000, 800, 500, 200) fixed stock video player power saving mode is now working TODO & Known Problems dual-boot code (both recovery and ramfs) needs to be refactored to support Samsung JB. I need to find another trick to get cam working on both Sammy and CM ROMs without losing 50MB+ RAM. cypress modifications (BLN, BLNWW, touchpad led timeout etc) should be moved to new driver source needs to be tested more TAR   ZIP (asserts are taken from cm10.1. if you cannot install cm10.1 with the recovery you are using then you won’t be able to install the kernel using CWM-flashable zip. the asserts are there to prevent curious&dull users hard-bricking their device and it is NOT a bug)   Posted in sgs2 kernel, Uncategorized SiyahKernel s3-v1.8.9 Posted on January 13, 2013 by admin Changelog rebased on i9300 update7 sources (sudden-death issue is supposedly fixed in this source drop) reverted temporary fix for exynos-mem exploit as i9300-update7 sources already fix that cm10.1 is now supported in dual-boot configurations 1.8.7->1.8.8: fixed cm10.1 not booting when installed as 2ndROM (a tiny typo in ramfs) 1.8.8->1.8.9: fixed the problem when installing cm10.1 directly as 2ndROM. fixed bluetooth issue in cm10/cm10.1 (credits to Entropy512, just cherrypicked his commit from CM10.1 kernel repo). added profile support back to support droidphile’s STweaksProfiles app. Updated CWM-based recovery to 6.0.2.7. TAR CWM   Posted in Uncategorized SiyahKernel S2-v6.0beta4 Posted on December 23, 2012 by admin Changelog: Merged with I9100P JB Sources Tested only on i9100 jb leak LS6. Not tested on CM10, even if it boots some features (cam, for example) may be broken on cm10. No dualboot support yet. I will have to update recovery to support that again, but I have no idea when I will have time for that. Test it only if you are using Samsung’s leaked JB ROM or it won’t boot Fixed exynos-mem exploit added ROW I/O Scheduler using old Wifi driver, this will probably prevent any wifi related lockups/freezes. default governor: ondemand during betas, and reverted back to legacy hotplug method (pm_hotplug, as Samsung has in JB kernels). reapplied tegrak’s secondcore patches to pm_hotplug and also added governor-awareness to pm_hotplug which will prevent having two different hotplug mechainsms running simultaneously beta2->beta3: video recording is fixed. fixed mdnie negative effect problem. gpu voltage initialization is fixed beta3->beta4: updated wifi module (should fix random reboots that some people experience which is related with wifi). Experimental exfat support (please test and report if exfat formatted external sdcards can be used). fixed headphone amplification. (thanks to lyndonguti and THE RED BLUR for testing this beta) KNOWN PROBLEMS: startup scripts are not executed. reason is unknown until I find another s2 or somebody point out my mistake. side-effects: stweak settings are not applied on boot, headphone amplification doesn’t work and some script-based optimizations are not applied hence the performance is not as high as expected. this may be fixed in beta3, or not. please report if stweaks settings (governor change for example) are applied or not. TAR (For Odin) ZIP (For CWM-based Recovery) Posted in Uncategorized SiyahKernel S3-v1.8.6 Posted on December 20, 2012 by admin Changelog: a temporary kernel-side fix for exynos-mem security hole until Samsung fixes it added ROW I/O scheduler and set it as default lowered GPU thresholds a bit fixed GPU voltage initialization (thanks to AndreiLux) fixed power saving mode not working (thanks to AndreiLux) changed “pleasant for ears” preset and set it default boots on cm10.1 but do not use dual-boot support. it will not work yet. v1.8.5 -> v1.8.6: fixed dualboot problem when having Samsung ROM as the 2ndROM. Download: http://d-h.st/users/siyah/s3 Posted in sgs3-kernel, Uncategorized SiyahKernel S3-v1.8.4 Posted on December 4, 2012 by admin Changelog: Ported CPU UV tab from AndreiLux’s STweaks config Dynamic generation of STweaks config and initial GPU voltages are set correctly (mostly based on AndreiLux’s uci.sh script interface while trying to keep the changes minimum to support other guys using my scripts as base) Workaround for CRT animation problem (at the bottom of the screen tab in STweaks) fixed the problem of copying large files that some users experience removed custom modifications from pegasusq governor and changed the tweaked values a little v1.8.1 -> v1.8.2: fixed gpu voltage problems v1.8.2. -> v1.8.3: fixed problem of fb earlysuspend delay not being persisted across reboots. removed automatic installation of stweaks (you can find it on google play). v1.8.3 -> v1.8.4: reverted VM_MAX_READAHEAD commit. adjusted cpu hotplug in/out rates in pegasusq because they were just too low after decreasing the sampling time. Download: http://d-h.st/users/siyah/s3 Posted in sgs3-kernel, Uncategorized SiyahKernel S3-v1.8 Posted on November 24, 2012 by admin Reply Changelog: rebased on Samsung’s N8020 sources (mainly some CMA_DMA changes/fixes/optimizations, driver & platform code changes and some additional pegasusq logic) fine tuning on pegasusq governor some tiny ramfs changes such as adding governor selection back to STweaks  TAR VERSION CWM VERSION Mirror: http://d-h.st/users/siyah/s3 Posted in Uncategorized | Leave a reply SiyahKernel S3-v1.7 Posted on November 17, 2012 by admin Changelog: Dual-booting (supports only JB ROMs: Samsung JB and CM10) fixed a UMP related bug in v1.6.8 that was causing lags for CM10 users removed CPU locking  when GPU freq >=440MHz alternate touch recovery for secondrom related operations Alternate CWM-recovery based 2ndROM utils which can be used via STweaks. No more custom recovery. Added “no boot logo”, “Reboot into 2ndROM Utils”, “Reboot into First ROM” and “Reboot into Second ROM” options to STweaks. “Black Crush Fix” by AndreiLux. car dock support. Added this to ramfs (thanks to Oranav@XDA) to fix EasyUMS compatiblity in cm10. new STweaks (500% faster startup, retouched UI ) which is also available on Google Play applied wifi changes in CM10 repo to fix wifi tethering problem. Based on update6 sources. added discrete wakelock stats and gestures (both by Tungstwenty) back. dns_resolver and md4 modules are linked into the kernel, so loading cifs will be enough to use smb shares. single image for kernel and recovery, if you flash it to boot partition it is a kernel, if you flash it to recovery it is a CWM-based custom recovery (hijack-recovery is available in STweaks to flash the kernel as a custom recovery). added cm10′s wireless driver as a separate module. increased mmc timeout even more. added default ROM selection in STweaks. disabled gpu resume freq and gpu boost completely. tweaked pegasusq a little more. ramfs updates for samsung and cm10. ported slide2wake from fluxi’s implementation (WIP. still need some more work). back to new MTP driver. Some details about dual-booting: See this post from droidphile TAR VERSION CWM VERSION Posted in Uncategorized SiyahKernel S2-v5.0.1 Posted on November 10, 2012 by admin Changelog: Dual booting with new CM10 + Samsung ICS ROM improved touch sensitivity 5-step GPU added arm topology patches again, with cpupower driver. merged with a JB leak (3.0.31) removed dynamic cpu freq steps. they are all fixed now. removed some settings from ExTweaks interface such as cfstweaks orbot is now working (only tested on Samsung ROM) Reboot into 1stROM, Reboot into 2ndROM in STweaks. (v5.0a2) STweaks added to initramfs. it will be autoinstalled only once. it is my own implementation of uci.sh interface. There is almost no difference (except for resetting to defaults in the last tab) between ExTweaks and STweaks. It’s been used for some time in my S3 kernel and fairly stable. I wanted to put it in the last version of my S2 kernel as well. it is my second android app (first one is FastDormancy app).. it doesn’t have a fancy UI but not bad for a beginner . BLNWW (BLN Without Wakelock). Touch gestures optimizations (thanks to Tungstwenty for the latest changes and for this great feature). added speaker and mic amplification/sensitivity settings which are based on fluxi’s mc1n2 interface, reversed and ported to uci.sh interface by dorimanx, tested and committed to my initramfs by robertobsc. automatic led brightness level. touch voltage level will be ignored if this one is checked in STweaks added B2G support (thanks to atilag@github for the initramfs changes). added an option in STweaks to set a delay in FB earlysuspend to properly play CRT animation (implemented originally by Codeworkx). reverted wifi driver to the one in cm10 kernel fixed auto-brightness issue on CM10. fixed some 2ndROM related problems in recovery when installing zips or restoring backups fixed BLN intensity when auto led brightness is selected. applied latest lulzactiveq tweaks from robertobsc. mali and vsync related changes (mostly from Entropy512′s commits) which are supposed to improve the battery life removed battery and performance profiles. removed lots of cpu governors. available governors: pegasusq, ondemand, conservative, hotplug, lulzactiveq new optional GPU frequency steps. enable VPLL Mode in STweaks but make sure you read the description. fixed a CM10 specific problem with the new GPU steps but it still doesn’t guarantee that the new steps will be stable on your device. added slide2wake (thanks to Fluxi) + some optimizations added mdnie interface and made hardcore’s sharpness tweaks optional in STweaks lulzactiveq fixes by robertobsc and added cpu governor selection back to stweaks Finally fixed vpll problem and made it default (thanks to robertobsc for his helps on testing) v5.0i -> v5.0.1: reverted wifi driver to fix wifi direct & other wifi related problems. touch gestures off when screen is off. analogue headphone amp in stweaks. new & faster stweaks. mxt224e touchscreen choppiness fix. DOWNLOAD TAR (for Odin) DOWNLOAD ZIP (for CWM Recovery) Posted in sgs2 kernel, Uncategorized Post navigation ← Older posts Search Recent Posts SiyahKernel s3-v1.9.1 I’m still busy SiyahKernel S2-v6.0beta5 SiyahKernel s3-v1.8.9 SiyahKernel S2-v6.0beta4 Categories sgs2 kernel sgs3-kernel Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
