AnchorFree Sign in Upgrade to Hotspot Shield Elite Top News U.S. News World News News Photos Featured Photo Galleries Odd News Entertainment Movies Music TV Entertainment Photos Business Security Analysis: Economic Outlook Sports Sports Photos Science Health Tech Videos Tech Videos Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Business Videos Science Videos Blog Eclipse crosses U.S. as... Eclipse reaches U.S. as... Producer Joel Silver sued... The Hitmans Bodyguard tops... Conjuring franchise... Eclipse crosses U.S. as millions view historic sightAug. 21 (UPI) -- The United States first total solar eclipse in 38 years arrived Monday, as millions witnessed the historic event. The partial... Eclipse reaches U.S. as millions witness historic eventAug. 21 (UPI) -- The United States first total solar eclipse in 38 years arrived Monday, as millions witnessed the historic event. The partial... Producer Joel Silver sued for wrongful death of personal assistantAug. 20 (UPI) -- Famed Hollywood producer Joel Silver has been sued for the 2015 drowning death of his assistant during a star-studded party at an... The Hitmans Bodyguard tops the North American box office with $21.6MAug. 20 (UPI) -- The Samuel L. Jackson-Ryan Reynolds action comedy The Hitmans Bodyguard is the No. 1 movie in North America this weekend, earning... Conjuring franchise crosses the $1B milestone at the worldwide box officeAug. 19 (UPI) -- The Conjuring universe of supernatural horror films has crossed the $1 billion mark at the worldwide box office. The release of... Bing BIDEN JOKES ABOUT A POSSIBLE 2020 RUN Vice President Joe Biden is joking about his own talk on seeking the presidency in 2020. On... Follow us: Share Hotspot Shield with your friends and family! Top News Police: Houston man arrested planting bomb at Confederate statue Aug. 21 (UPI) -- A 25-year-old Houston man is accused of trying to plant explosives at a Confederate statue in a Houston park, federal officials... Corpse flowers smelly blooms draw thousands in D.C. Aug. 21 (UPI) -- Washington D.C.s hot, humid summer has certainly caused those in the nations capital to sweat it out, but its just what the citys... Eclipse crosses U.S. as millions view historic sight Aug. 21 (UPI) -- The United States first total solar eclipse in 38 years arrived Monday, as millions witnessed the historic event. The partial... » more Entertainment On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas John Legend and DJ Khaled were among the stars to walk the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas on May 21. Katie Holmes: Photos of the actress through the years Katie Holmes first made her mark in Hollywood in 1998 as Joey Porter on the teen drama "Dawsons Creek." In 2005, she began dating superstar Tom... Celebrity families of 2016 We see them as stars but, to their kids, theyre just mom and dad. Here are some of the celebrity family photos weve captured over the past year. » more Sports Chicago Cubs Javier Baez makes smooth slide in walk-off victory Aug. 21 (UPI) -- Javier Baez made the smoothest slide of the year in the Chicago Cubs 6-5 win against the Toronto Blue Jays at Wrigley Field. The... Trevor Siemian: Denver Broncos name starting quarterback Aug. 21 (UPI) -- First-year head coach Vance Joseph will name Trevor Siemian the Denver Broncos starting quarterback. Joseph will make the... Magic Johnson: Reporter claps back at insult from Hall of Famer..six years later Aug. 21 (UPI) -- Peter Vecsey broke the news of the NBA investigating the Los Angeles Lakers for tampering. He then dug up an old tweet from team... » more Business H.R. McMaster: sleep should not come easy for North Korea leader Aug. 2 (UPI) -- U.S. President Donald Trumps national security advisor said North Korean leader Kim Jong Un should not rest easy following... Elon Musk share first pics of Teslas finished Model 3 July 9 (UPI) -- CEO Elon Musk shared pictures of the first finished Model 3 from Teslas initial production run. Production of the newest Tesla... Sears to close 43 more stores July 7 (UPI) -- Sears Holdings, owner and operator of Sears and Kmart, announced plans to close another 43 stores. Fridays announcement comes... » more About Terms of Service Privacy Help Share Advertise Hotspot Shield Blog Copyright © 2014 AnchorFree, Inc. All Rights Reserved
