SaveFront - Best Deals On All Fronts All Computers Components Computer Accessories Computer Memory Hardware Input Devices Modems Networking PDAs and Portable Hardware Software Storage and Media Electronics Cameras and Photography Car Audio and Electronics Communications Digital Picture Frames Handheld Electronics Home Audio Optics Personal Audio Satellite Radio Accessories Satellite Radio Receivers TV and Video Warranties and Service Agreements Weather Stations Home and Garden Appliance Accessories Building Supplies Craft Supplies Food and Wine Furniture Garden Home Appliances Home Furnishings Kitchen Large Kitchen Appliances Lighting Pets Plumbing Supplies Small Kitchen Appliances Tools and Accessories Wall Art Kids and Family Baby Care Baby Carriers Car Seats Cribs and Bassinets Strollers Toys Health and Beauty Cosmetics Health Aids Nutrition Perfumes and Colognes Personal Care Shavers Clothing and Accessories Handbags and Wallets Luggage Shoes Jewelry and Watches Jewelry Sunglasses Watches Musical Instruments & Accessories Musical Instruments Sheet Music Office Office Machines Office Supplies Sports and Outdoors Boating and Sailing Accessories Flashlights Marine Electronics Sport and Outdoor Video Games 3DS Games Classic Console Games Computer Games DS Games Dreamcast Games Game Boy Advance Games Game Boy Color Games GameCube Games N Gage Games Nintendo 64 Games Nintendo Wii Games Nintendo Wii U Games PSP Games PlayStation 1 Games PlayStation 2 Games PlayStation 3 Games PlayStation Vita Games Video Game Accessories Video Game Consoles Xbox 360 Games Xbox Games Computers Components Computer Accessories Computer Memory Hardware Input Devices Modems Networking PDAs and Portable Hardware Software Storage and Media Electronics Cameras and Photography Car Audio and Electronics Communications Digital Picture Frames Handheld Electronics Home Audio Optics Personal Audio Satellite Radio Accessories Satellite Radio Receivers TV and Video Warranties and Service Agreements Weather Stations Home and Garden Appliance Accessories Building Supplies Craft Supplies Food and Wine Furniture Garden Home Appliances Home Furnishings Kitchen Large Kitchen Appliances Lighting Pets Plumbing Supplies Small Kitchen Appliances Tools and Accessories Wall Art Kids and Family Baby Care Baby Carriers Car Seats Cribs and Bassinets Strollers Toys Health and Beauty Cosmetics Health Aids Nutrition Perfumes and Colognes Personal Care Shavers Home / Eula End User License Agreement 1. Accepting the Terms and Conditions. Welcome to SaveFront and www.savefront.com. Please read these terms of service carefully before using this website, and check them periodically for changes. Any use of this website or other related websites, toolbars, widgets, applications or distribution channels we may operate from (collectively the “Site“), or the services available on or through the Site from time to time (including without limitation any software, programs, tools, components, upgrades, updates and all related applications, collectively the “Service“), is subject to and conditioned upon assent to and compliance with, all of the terms and conditions below (the “Agreement“). BY USING THE SITE OR THE SERVICE YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU (I) HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTAND ITS CONTENT, AND (II) AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT. The Agreement is between SaveFront and you. SaveFront may change the terms of this Agreement or the Service at any time(s) and at our sole discretion, upon posting notice on the Site. Your continued use of the Site or Service shall constitute your consent to any changes made. If you do not agree to the new or different terms, you should not use the Site or the Service. For any issue, please contact us via the form or via our support email support@savefront.com 2. The Service. The Service is a comparative service in the form of a browser add-on (extension) that is designed to help you compare products and prices while you shop online, offer you discounts and coupons and show you with daily deals available online. It is your obligation to ensure that you fully comply with any law, regulation or directive, relevant to your country of residence with regards to the use of the Site and the Service. For avoidance of doubt, the ability to access our Site does not necessarily mean that the Service and your use thereto are legal under the laws, regulations or directives relevant to your country of residence. You may use the Service for your personal use as intended pursuant to the Site, and as long as you are in compliance with all provisions of this Agreement. The Site and/or Service is unavailable to children under the age of 13 without the consent of their parents or guardian. If you do not qualify, please do not use the Site and/or the Service. In providing the Service, we obtain and rely on certain information from third parties and third party software and applications. We cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such data. You acknowledge that we may, at our sole discretion and at any time(s), change or discontinue providing any part of the Service upon posting a notice on the Site. In addition, we may impose, from time to time charges, on access to any or all portions of the Service at our discretion upon posting a notice on the Site. Such fees shall be subject to our policies as in effect from time to time. The Site and Service may contain product comparisons, advertising or marketing of products, services, discounts, coupons and applications (the “Vouchers“) belonging to third parties (the “Merchants“). Any interaction, correspondence or business dealing that you have with any Merchant regarding the provision or performance of a product, service or application on or through the Service is solely between you and such Merchant. You are responsible for reviewing and understanding the terms and conditions governing such products or services and we disclaim all liability in connection with such Merchant’s products or services. If we offer (i) downloads of software, application or platform (including without limitation any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software) (the “Software“); and/or (ii) Vouchers on the Site, such Software or Vouchers (collectively the “Product“) is licensed to you by us or by Merchants for your personal use only, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and your use of such Product is strictly subject to the terms of this Agreement and any agreement accompanying the Product. Each Merchant is solely responsible for the Vouchers on his website, the content therein, any warranties to the extent that such warranties have not been disclaimed, and any claims that you or any other party may have relating to the Vouchers. Thus, it is highly recommendable that you visit the Merchant’s website and read its terms of use and privacy policy. We may, from time to time, perform maintenance upon the Site or Service resulting in interrupted service, delays or errors. We will attempt to provide prior notice of scheduled maintenance but cannot guarantee that such notice will be provided. 3. Registering. Some functions of the Service require registration, and as part of the process you will be requested to provide certain information, including among others, a unique user name, password, first and last names, Facebook username, address, email address, sex and date of birth (the “Registration Data“). The mere action of completing the registration form and submitting it to us does not guarantee your acceptance as a member to the Site, and we are under no obligation to accept your platform to register to the Site. You agree to: Provide true, accurate, current and complete Registration Data as prompted by the registration process. Maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it accurate, current and complete. Maintain the security and confidentiality of your password and any other security or access information used by you to access the Site or Services. Ensure that you log out from your account at the end of each session on the Site. Refrain from transferring your account in the Site to any other individual or entity without our prior written consent. Refrain from impersonating any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person’s username, password or other Registration Data. Immediately notify us in writing if you become aware of any loss, theft or use by any other person or entity of any of your Registration Data in connection with the Site or the Service or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to the Site. We assume that any communications and other activities through use of your Registration Data were sent or authorized by you, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Registration Data. We may for any reason, at our sole discretion and without notice or liability to you or any third party or Merchant, immediately suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future access to and use of the Service (or any portion thereof), without derogating from any other right or remedy that we may have by law, equity or otherwise. Grounds for such termination may include, but are not limited to, loss, theft or unauthorized use of your Registration Data, our determination that you violated the letter or spirit of this Agreement, providing Registration Data that is inappropriate or offensive in our discretion, or if we have reasonable grounds for suspecting any of the Registration Data that you provided is inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or extended periods of inactivity. You declare that by providing your Registration Data to us, you hereby consent to, us sending, and you receiving, by means of telephone, facsimile, SMS or e-mail, communications containing content of a commercial nature relating to the Site, Service and related services. You acknowledge that we do not have to obtain your prior consent (whether written or oral) before sending such communications to you, provided that we shall immediately cease sending any such further communications should you notify us in writing that you do not wish to receive them. 4. User Conduct. You may access and use the Site and Service only for its purposes as intended by the normal functionality of the Site and Service, as long as you are in compliance with all provisions of this Agreement. In connection with your use of the Site and the Service, you agree to abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and agree not to, nor allow or facilitate a third party to, violate or infringe any rights (including without limitation copyrights, rights of publicity or privacy and trademarks) of others or our policies or the operational or security mechanisms of the Service, and without limiting the foregoing you may: Not use (i) the Site, (ii) the Service, or (iii) any programming, services, features, data, information, text, images, photographs, graphics, scripts, programming, logos, trademarks, service marks, HTML code, compilation of content, format, design, user interface and software made available through or which appears on the Site or Service (“Content“) to promote, conduct, or contribute to fraudulent, obscene, pornographic, inappropriate or illegal activities, including without limitation deceptive impersonation, in connection with contests, pyramid schemes, surveys, chain letters, junk e-mail, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise). Not interfere with the access, use or enjoyment of this Site or the Service by others (including without limitation causing greater demand on the Service than is deemed by us reasonable, attacks such as “flaming” other participants in a manner that might incite or perpetuate a conflict or argument, and creating usernames to attack other participants’ identities); harass or defame others; or promote hatred towards any group of people. Not add a Site member to your email or physical mailing list without such member’s consent after adequate disclosure to such member, or use their email address or contact details for antisocial, disruptive, or destructive purposes, including “flaming,” “spamming,” “flooding,” “trolling,” and “griefing” as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet. Not use any Content except for the intended purposes of the Service and Site, subject always to the terms of this Agreement. You may not display, import or export information off the Site or use it for purposes unrelated to the Service without our prior written consent. Not alter, modify, delete, forge, frame, hyper-link, create derivative works or otherwise interfere with or in any manner disrupt, circumvent, or compromise any part of the Site, the Service, any Content, or features. Not access or attempt to access any of our systems, programs or data that are not made available for public use, or attempt to bypass any registration processes on the Site. Not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Site or the Service except if and to the extent permitted by applicable law. Not copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, rent or sell any portion of the Service, the Site or the Content. Not use any robot, spider, other automated device or any tool-bar, web-bar, other web-client, device, software, routine or manual process, to monitor or scrap information from this Site or the Service, or bypass any robot exclusion request (either on headers or anywhere else on the Site). Not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing any trademarks or intellectual property owned or licensed by us. Not create or provide any other means through which the Site may be accessed, for example, through server emulators, whether for profit or not. Not ‘deep-link,’ redistribute or facilitate the redistribution of any information, nor provide access to information to anyone who is not authorized by us to receive it, without our prior written consent. We cannot and do not assure that other members of the Site are or will be complying with this Agreement, and, you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. As between us, you assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of compliance, and you agree to waive any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against us with respect to such Content. 5. Your Submissions. You warrant and represent that (i) any Content or other submissions (the “Submissions”) you upload to or make available on the Service will be in compliance with all of the terms of this Agreement and any applicable laws and regulations, and (ii) if you are an entity or organization other than an individual, you are the authorized representative of the entity or organization, you have the legal right and authority to submit and display such Submissions. By submitting a Submission to the Service, you agree that such Submissions is intended for distribution and public display on the Site and through the Service. You hereby grant us (and our successors and affiliates) a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, unrestricted, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, publicly display and modify your Submissions (in each case directly or through subcontractors) for the purposes of promoting, distributing and administering the Service, through the Site and other websites or platforms that were created, are operated or are wholly or partially owned by us or our affiliates, and storing such Content on our servers in each case without compensation, liability or notice to you. You acknowledge that we do not pre-screen Submissions, however, we reserve the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse or remove any Submissions that violate this Agreement or are otherwise objectionable. In addition No portion of your Submissions shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part and you should expect no privacy with respect to your Submissions, except for personal information that is subject to our privacy policy and is not made publicly available by you. You are entirely responsible for all of your Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them on the Site or through the Service. We reserve the right to decide whether, where, and how Submissions are displayed on the Site or made available through the Service. We reserve the right to analyze your Content and its use through the Service for any purpose, including for commercial purposes 6. Public Communications The Site enables users to interact directly with other users, such as by sending public or pre-defined private messages and posting comments and other Submissions on forums. Public communications are permitted only for non-commercial purposes and subject to the terms of the Agreement. Although we are investing efforts in ensuring a safe and pleasant environment, when using the Site you may be exposed to certain Submissions submitted by others (a) with which you may disagree, (b) that you may find offensive, indecent, or objectionable, or (c) are inaccurate, misleading or illegal. You expressly assume and agree to bear any and all risks associated with your use of, exposure to or reliance on any such Submissions. You should be skeptical about information provided by others. Never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated with. Information obtained in or from Public Communications may not be reliable, and it is not a good idea to take any action based solely or largely on information you cannot confirm. We are not responsible for the any Submissions by users, nor for any actions taken or avoided based on such Submissions. You waive any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against us with respect to other users’ Submissions. Please respect and interact with other users as you would in any public arena. Do not reveal information that you do not want to make public. WHEN ENGAGING IN ANY PUBLIC COMMUNICATION, DO NOT DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (SUCH AS YOUR REAL NAME, PHONE NUMBER, ADDRESS OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT WOULD ENABLE OTHERS TO IDENTIFY OR LOCATE YOU, ONLINE OR OFFLINE). We encourage you to report to us any suspected violations of this Agreement or any other additional terms posted on the Site. 7. Our Feeds. We may from time to time offer our own RSS (“really simple syndication”) or other feeds or podcasts as a free service to users (the “Feed Service“). Your use of the Feed Service is subject to the following terms and conditions: You may not charge a fee or otherwise require a user to purchase a product or service in exchange for receiving the Feed Service. Use is limited to platforms in which a functional link is made available allowing immediate display of the full article/post on weboolu.com, as specified in the feed. Use is accompanied by proper source attribution. By accessing the Feed Service, you agree that you will not use the service in contravention of the above conditions. We reserve the right to discontinue the Feed Service at any time, and the right to require that you immediately cease any specific use of the Feed Service or to prevent you from using the service. 8. Privacy Policy. Certain information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy at www.savefront.com/privacy . By accessing this Site and the Service, you consent to the collection and use of information as described in our Privacy Policy, as may be amended by us from time to time. 9. Proprietary Rights. You acknowledge that the Service and the Content are protected by applicable. Copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights, both with respect to individual content and as a collective work or compilation, pursuant to laws and international conventions. Any rights to the Content, the Site and the Service not expressly granted herein are reserved. 10. Release. If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. 11. Disclaimers of all Warranties. THE CONTENT, THE SITE AND THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE POSTING OF ANY MATERIAL OR INFORMATION ON THE SITE DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT BY US OF THE SAME OR ANY ASSOCIATION WITH THEIR ORIGINATORS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, CONTINUOUS, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR OR VIRUS FREE; NOR DO WE WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF, OR THE RELIANCE ON THE SITE, THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENTS IN TERMS OF ITS TIMELINESS, CORRECTNESS, COMPLETENESS, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. 12. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (I) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE ANY PART OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVICE, (II) FOR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES, (III) ARISING FROM ANY STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THIS SITE OR THE SERVICE OR , (IV) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF ANY SERVICES, PRODUCTS, APPLICATIONS OR PROMOTIONS OF ANY OF THE MERCHANTS ON OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR THE SERVICE; IN EACH CASE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REPUTATION, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. 13. Indemnification. YOU RELEASE, AND AGREE, AT YOUR OWN EXPENSE, TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS US, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND AFFILIATES, FROM ALL LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, ALLEGED CLAIMS, LOSS AND DAMAGES (OF EVERY KIND, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN AND SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED), AND INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY’S FEES RELATED IN ANY WAY TO: (I) YOUR USE OF, ACCESS TO OR RELIANCE ON THIS SITE, THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT AND ANY RELATED PLATFORMS; (II) YOUR SUBMISSIONS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOUR CONTENT, OR (iii) YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. We will provide you with written notice of such claim, suit or action. You will not enter into any settlement or compromise of any such claim without our prior written consent. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. In all events, you shall cooperate fully in the defense of any claim. 14. Governing Law and Exclusive Courts This Agreement will be governed by the laws of Israel without regard to its choice of law or conflicts of law principles. You and we consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts in Tel Aviv Jaffa, Israel, except that temporary relief to enjoin infringement of intellectual property rights may be sought in any court. 15. Infringement Notices and Takedown. If you believe that any material contained on this Site infringes your copyright, you should notify this Site’s Designated Agent, on:support@savefront.com Your notice to the Designated Agent should be in English and contain the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest that is allegedly infringed; (b) a description of such copyrighted work(s) and an identification of what material in such work(s) is claimed to be infringed; (c) a description of the exact name of the infringing work and the location of the infringing work on the Service; (d) information sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your physical address, telephone number and e-mail address; (e) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (f) a statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. The Designated Agent will only respond to claims involving alleged copyright infringement. Notwithstanding this section, we reserve the right at any time and at our sole discretion, to remove content which in our sole judgment appears to infringe the intellectual property rights of another person. 16. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, franchise or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of the use of the Site or the Service. This Agreement and our rules and policies in this Site comprise the entire agreement between you and us, states our and our suppliers’ and licensor’s entire liability and your exclusive remedy with respect to the Site and Service, and supersede all prior agreements pertaining to this Agreement’s and such rules’ and policies’ subject matter. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and any failure to assert any right or provision under the Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such term. If any provision(s) of this Agreement is held to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be construed, as nearly as possible, to reflect the original provision and the other provisions remain in full force and effect. The section titles in this Agreement are solely used for convenience and have no legal or contractual significance. No provision of the Agreement shall be construed against us but rather shall be construed in a neutral and fair manner as terms entered into by a fully-informed party on a voluntary basis after opportunity to confer with advisers and legal counsel about the meaning and effects of the terms of this Agreement. © 2014 SaveFront About Us End User License Agreement Privacy Policy
