Bitly | URL Shortener and Link Management Platform Tour Enterprise Resources Blog About Login Sign Up Login Sign Up THE LINK KNOWS ALL. SO CAN YOU. Measure your links with Bitly, the world's leading link management platform. Login Sign Up For Free Sign Up For Free or Learn more Unleash the Power of the Link Links are everywhere. Within every channel and every platform. Only Bitlinks are powerful enough to allow you to see clear across the internet. Shorten Shorten, brand and optimize your links across devices and channels. Share them via Bitly, API or partner integrations. Learn More Measure Track individual link analytics, gather audience intelligence and measure campaign performance in one location. Learn More Optimize Collect insights on your performance and optimize your marketing efforts to better fit your audience needs. Learn More Learn More LINKS POWERED BY BITLY Create your free account Trusted by the smartest brands Trusted by the smartest brands "Bitly provides me with the insights I need for all my social channels to build robust monthly reports and optimize my social marketing." Joshua Karpf Global Director, Social Marketing, Spotify "Bitly provides services we couldn't find anywhere else - from customized branded links to stats that let us know in real time what's working and what's not. Without question, it's one of our most valuable social media tools." Nicole Levins Content and Social Media Strategist, Urban Institute "Bitly helps us centralize article-level analytics for all the content on our site, which gives us a clearer picture of where it's performing well and why. The ability to integrate our Bitly API key with third-party platforms such as Buffer, TweetDeck, our CMS and more is a valuable tool." Brad Gerick Director of Social Media, New York Daily News "Branding is extremely important to us. Having our own Branded Short Domain through Bitly Enterprise helps us keep our brand at the forefront of all our social sharing efforts." Bita Ehsanipour Social Media Manager, Men's Wearhouse Recommended Resources WEBINAR [DEMO] RETHINKING THE LINK WITH BITLY ENTERPRISE EBOOK HOW TO BUILD AN INFLUENCER MARKETING PROGRAM EBOOK 37 WAYS BRANDS USE BITLY Blog Support Contact Developers Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Partners Careers © 2017 Bitly™  Handmade in NYC 6 Awesome Holiday Marketing Strategies Crush the 2017 holiday season with our eBook, "Retail's Ultimate Guide to Holiday Planning." Download Home Tour Enterprise Resources Company Contact Careers Press Room Partners
