Bitly | Enterprise Edition Tour Enterprise Resources Blog About Login Sign Up Login Sign Up Enterprise Edition UPGRADE YOUR LINKS Branded short links. Mobile deep linking. Expanded analytics. User management. Request a Demo DRIVING MARKETING STRATEGY FOR THE SMARTEST COMPANIES Keegan Fong Media Marketing Manager Apryl Pilolli Social Data Analyst & Manager Jason Rosoff Manager of Partner  Marketing & Distribution Marissa O'Hare Senior Director of Audience Development "Bitly OneView allows us to see what kinds of content work on what channel, which channels we should be investing in the most, and what we need to do to optimize our content." "We were actually able to use Bitly data to shed light on dark social media engagement and measure the full value of social for our business." "The Bitly platform has helped us track our promotions across social channels, banner ads, email campaigns and even offline placements." "In an increasingly competitive social space, Bitly Branded Short Domains help us stand out in an unparalleled way and encourage a higher degree of engagement." Branding Drive CTR up to 34% with Branded Short Domains. Branded Short Domains replace the “bit.ly” in your links with your brand name, allowing you to take total control of your content. Download the case study Audience Identify key insights and trends using benchmarking data and the 4B+ monthly uniques that make up the Bitly Network. With Audience Intel, you’ll gain unparalleled insight into device type where content is consumed, ideal publishing times and performance benchmarks of industry peers. ONEVIEW Free yourself from spreadsheets and silos by building an intuitive dashboard for the links you already use. Bitly OneView tracks your customer's experience on every link and every channel, making it easier than ever to drill down into campaigns or channels from a macro and micro level. Watch the video Mobile Optimizer Provide the best user experience, whether your customers are on desktop or mobile. Create device-aware links that drive to mobile deep links that drive app installs and re-engagement. Download the case study Brand Manager Organize your account in a way that suits your company structure and workflow. Segment account activity and analytics by department, location, channel, brand or user to collect meaningful insights into how teams perform individually or how your company performs as a whole. DEDICATED SUPPORT You’re never working alone here. You’ll work with your own dedicated customer success manager to help you with onboarding, day-to-day troubleshooting and ensuring you’re getting the most of your Bitly Enterprise account. 24/7 SECURITY We’re looking out for you. We have a dedicated IT team monitoring your account 24/7 and guaranteed 99% uptime. We’re always on the lookout, so you don’t have to be. Trusted by the smartest brands Trusted by the smartest brands Request a demo of Bitly Enterprise Edition Blog Support Contact Developers Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Partners Careers © 2017 Bitly™  Handmade in NYC Home Tour Enterprise Resources Company Contact Careers Press Room Partners
