Bitly - Home | Facebook Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Sign Up Home Posts Videos Photos About Community Create a Page CommunitySee All 46,584 people like this 46,110 people follow this AboutSee All bitly.com Website People 46,584 likes People Also Like WordPress Media Dropbox Product/Service Global Research (Centre for Research on Globalization) Broadcasting & Media Production Company Pages liked by this Page Moz Blue Digital Mashable English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2017 Posts Bitly was live. · March 3 · Matt Thomson, CPO of Bitly recaps his chat from Social Media Week New York about the future of voice. Posted by Bitly 6,523 Views Learn More bitly.com Watch Again Resume Video Learn More bitly.com Bitly Learn More bitly.com 6.5K Views Bitly · 6 hrs · Check out how Odd Dog Media uses Bitlinks to track SMS campaigns and boost customer reviews: http://bitly.is/odddogmedia. How One Media Agency Uses Bitly To Track SMS Marketing - Bitly | Blog Sometimes you seek out ideas. Other times, the idea finds you. After noticing how hard it was for small business owners to generate customer reviews, Odd Dog Media created a mobile app to help their clients easily send and collect … bitly.com See All Videos We're proud to power mobile coverage of NCAA March Madness with our Deep Links, which allows users to click directly to a live stream in-app. 12 Thank you Percolate for the #IceBucketChallenge nomination! We nominate our good partners Sprinklr, Morpheus Media and GitHub. In addition to accepting the challenge, we will be donating $1,000 to ALS plus an additional $1 for every time this video is shared, up to $2,500. 37 3 Wishing you a happy 2014, from all of us at Bitly! http://bit.ly/1gjWU1d 64 14 See All Posts Bitly · August 17 at 10:26am · Peak Sales Recruiting shares their secret to optimizing email outreach & job postings: http://bitly.is/peaksales. #recruiting How One Recruiting Company Uses Bitly To Track Email Outreach and Test Job Postings - Bitly | Blog How do recruiting companies recruit? If most of us have trouble reaching candidates and figuring out which channels are best for attracting talent, do recruiting companies have it any easier? And what kind of recruiting tech tools do they use … bitly.com Bitly · August 15 at 12:55pm · How to find and use the right HR tech tools in 2018: bitly.is/hrebook. [EBOOK] The 2018 Guide to HR & Recruiting Tech Tools - Bitly | Blog HR and recruiting is all about the right people. And, increasingly, the right technology. Whether you’re trying to find great candidates for an open role or you’re looking to streamline benefits packages, there’s a tech solution for it. Or, more … bitly.com Bitly · August 14 at 9:53am · Google aims to stamp out Snapchat Discover with this new publishing tool: http://bitly.is/adsensestamp. Google Rolls Out AdSense Updates And Announces Stamp - Bitly | Blog Looks like Google gives customer-centric marketing one big stamp of approval. The tech giant has been busy at work building new ad formats that don’t really look like ads. And that’s what resonates with consumers these days. A few weeks … bitly.com Bitly · August 9 at 1:48pm · We've teamed up w/ AdRoll to help get you prepped for the holidays. Find everything you need in our guide: http://bitly.is/holidayebook. 6 Awesome Holiday Marketing Strategies for Retail & eCommerce - Bitly | Blog As the summer slowly winds to an end, retailers everywhere start to think about what’s next. And the answer is the same for every business of every size: the holidays. When it comes to holiday marketing strategies, marketers need to … bitly.com Bitly · July 12 · At Bitly we obsess about giving you total control and transparency in your links. That’s why we’re excited to announce that we’ve partnered with Spectrum Equity, the private equity firm behind other great products like SurveyMonkey, LucidChart, and Lynda.com, to build out that vision in new and exciting ways. With today’s milestone we’re celebrating all the work we’ve already done to make your life easier and your links smarter, and the work that’s ahead of us. We’re more determined than ever to make link management as valuable to your business as it can be. bitly.is/growth Bitly shared Buffer's live video. · June 30 · LIVE: Tune in to hear our CEO Mark Josephson chat about how social media has made a positive impact on Bitly and the team. Posted by Buffer 1,854 Views 1,854 Views Buffer was live. · June 30 at 10:00am · · Live with Bitly CEO - Mark Josephson 🎉 Chatting all about how social media has made a positive impact on Bitly and their employees! #ImpactOfSocial #SMDay 👉 https://buffer.com/impactofsocial Bitly · June 29 · LIVE with Buffer - Our CEO Mark Josephson 🎉 will be chatting with Buffer TOMORROW at 1 pm ET about how social media has made an impact on Bitly. Check back here for the live link. #ImpactOfSocial #SMDay Bitly · June 28 · Ahead of Social Media Day on 6/30, we've rounded up a few of our favorite social media facts. #smday Posted by Bitly 465 Views 465 Views Bitly · June 22 · How to decide if your team should go remote: bitly.is/remotework. Bitly · May 31 · As the digital landscape grows more fragmented, the link becomes an ever more important part of your #customerexperience tech stack: http://bitly.is/linkmanagement. . Bitly · May 23 · Three big reasons why cross-device attribution is critical for multichannel marketing: http://bitly.is/cross-device. Bitly · May 13 · CRM, DMP, LMP, CMS? Let our CPO (last one, we swear) Matthew Thomson guide you through the 9 essential tools for a killer Customer Experience stack: http://bit.ly/CXstack The Crucial Customer Experience Tech Stack – Matthew Thomson – Medium It’s only May, but the term Customer Experience (CX) is already a strong contender for buzzword of the year. Whether you’re scaling a fast… medium.com Bitly · May 11 · Do you like #opensource & #apis? You'll want to check out our newly revamped developer site: http://bitly.is/developers. The Brand New Bitly Developer Site is Officially Launched! - Bitly | Blog Do you like open source stuff? How about APIs? Well, you’re in luck. We just launched the brand new Bitly developer site, which you can find at bitly.is/developer. You’ll find community groups, support, documentation, best practices, SDK for mobile applications, … bitly.com Bitly · May 4 · Love to write about customer experience & want to contribute to the Bitly blog? We're accepting submissions: http://bitly.is/writers. Calling All Writers: Help Us Build An Internet You Can See Across - Bitly | Blog At Bitly, we’re working to build an Internet you can see across. Links help marketers see across walled gardens. They help consumers seamlessly move from one channel to another. We believe that transparency builds better customer experiences and encourages more … bitly.com Bitly · May 2 · What does the Fyre Festival fiasco mean for influencer marketing? We explore that in our latest blog post: bitly.is/fyrefestival. See More
