Bitly | Careers Bitly Tour Enterprise Resources Blog About Login Sign Up Login Sign Up Careers Join Our Team Company Careers Contact Press Room We're Hiring! Work with smart people to solve difficult problems that impact how billions of people worldwide use the Internet. View Open Positions Employee Benefits We offer competitive compensation, full benefits and some great perks. More importantly, we offer you the chance to work with a team that is focused on building something impactful. 401k Match Invest in your future. We offer a 401(k) savings plan with company match so you can plan for the time ahead. Medical, Vision, & Dental In addition to our full benefits package, employees receive 24/7 access to a team of doctors and insurance guides that can answer questions, virtually diagnose or treat you as needed. Stock Options We're committed to your investment in us and the growth of our company. We offer stock options for all employees. Competitive Salary We're proud to offer our employees salaries that compete with leading companies in our industry. Commuter benefits Our HQ is in NYC, but that doesn't mean you need to be. We offer commuter benefits whether you take a car, bike or train to work. Paid Vacation Our work/life balance is important to us. We offer paid vacation so you have time for your other passions. Perks Of The Job Snacks Galore Team Celebrations Catered Lunches Pet Friendly Ping Pong Company Sports Volunteer Program Open Positions All Positions Sales Marketing Engineering Design / UX Account Executive New York City Are you a salesperson looking to move into the future with a leading SaaS company that is also one of the most popular brands on the internet? The Strategic Account Executive will work to align Bitly’s services to the business needs and objectives to that of our potential clients. The individual will be responsible for achieving their individual revenue goals while contributing to Bitly’s overall sales strategy and growth objectives. Strategic AEs are primarily responsible for leading all new business customer initiatives. They will coordinate the overall sales and commercial activities for their assigned territory, including prospecting, pipeline building and quota attainment. MUST HAVES 2+ years of proven sales success, preferably in SaaS, platform and/or marketing/media technology sales to brand marketers Intellectual curiosity with a keen interest in digital marketing, mobile, and/or social technologies  Experience in highly competitive markets with a winning attitude and insatiable desire to succeed Customer-focused mentality and enthusiasm for building strong relationships  Problem-solver with loads and loads of initiative Ability to work in a rapidly expanding and changing environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Strong computer skills, including Salesforce.com, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel  Bachelor's Degree from an accredited four-year college/university At Bitly, we value our community and our culture. We are actively… More Info Sales Development Representative New York City At Bitly, we value our community and our culture. We are actively looking for team members who align with our vision, mission and values. Together we believe in an internet you can see across. We optimize the link so you can own your customer experience. We're growing our B2B client base, discovering new audiences and industries that benefit from our business insights. We’re looking to continue building a team of Sales Development Representatives to qualify inbound leads while defining outbound prospecting through measurement and conversion. ABOUT YOU  You're comfortable talking to strangers. You're resourceful and metrics driven. You're an expert at making first contact and building knowledge-based product value from limited information. You want to sell and are eager to learn. This role involves owning a process that is crucial to bitly’s business and developing that process as seamless bridge from marketing to sales. ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Outreach to all inbound leads that need further qualification. Qualified lead assignment to inside sales team. Outbound prospecting for new contacts at companies not yet using bitly. Maintenance and measurement of all stages of pre-sales lead pipeline. Daily use and update of bitly’s business systems: Hubspot and Salesforce. MUST HAVES 1 - 2… More Info Sales Enablement Manager New York City At Bitly, we value our community and our culture. We are actively looking for team members who align with our vision, mission and values. Together we believe in an internet you can see across. We optimize the link so you can own your customer experience. Bitly is seeking a Sales Enablement Manager to join our New York City team. The ideal candidate is a highly motivated and forward-thinking individual with a passion for supporting and coaching a sales team to achieve desired revenue growth. The Sales Trainer will be responsible for owning the end-to-end onboarding and training program for the entire sales org, working with individuals at all levels (SDR, AEs and CS). RESPONSIBILITIES Be an expert on Bitly’s enterprise solution and effectively articulate value proposition and benefits Create sales enablement curriculum plan to support achievement of sales and revenue goals Develop and implement a streamlined sales & account management continuing education program Develop curriculum for both incoming reps, including onboarding, and ongoing support and enablement for current sales reps Work across all functions to bring the best training materials, tools and presentations to the team Track and report on training progress and skills mastery to demonstrate overall performance improvement Work… More Info Senior Director, Enterprise Product Marketing New York City At Bitly, we value our community and our culture. We are actively looking for team members who align with our vision, mission and values. Together we believe in an internet you can see across. We optimize the link so you can own your customer experience. Bitly is looking for a proven Product Marketer who can lead us into our next phase of development on our Link Management Platform. Reporting to the Chief Revenue Officer, you’ll work cross-functionally with the Operations and Product teams to develop the positioning, messaging and go-to-market strategies for Bity’s enterprise products and services. ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Develop product positioning, messaging and go-to-market strategies for new and existing products by understanding competitive drivers, market trends, and the needs of Bitly’s enterprise customers. Plan and implement strategy around the launch of new features, products, and releases across our Product, Customer Success and Sales teams. Manage acquisition strategy across all available channels including paid and organic. Become a product evangelist and spokesperson, communicating with both internal and external stakeholders through social media, webinars, briefings and product demonstrations, and other means Know our target customers, their challenges, and the benefits of our solutions, and apply this knowledge to strategy creation MUST… More Info Senior Front End Engineer New York City At Bitly, we value our community and our culture. We are actively looking for team members who align with our vision, mission and values. Together we believe in an internet you can see across. We optimize the link so you can own your customer experience. Bitly is seeking a Senior Front End Engineer to collaborate with product, design, and engineering to build innovative, application dashboards used everyday by our customers consisting of top brands as well as our sizable base of free users. Our engineering team works on challenging, product and data-focused problems. Our systems are built to process and provide analytics for over 8 billion clicks per month for people and businesses all over the world. We have a friendly, inclusive culture that's built around helping each other improve and learn. ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Collaborate with talented engineers, designers, and product managers to build, ship, and improve our core products. Explore new languages, frameworks, and methodologies while also being able to discuss when—or when not—to use them in a production environment. Write clear, concise, and tested client-side web application code that makes use of Typescript, React, Webpack, SASS, and other languages, libraries, and frameworks. Participate in a culture that values… More Info Visual Designer San Francisco At Bitly, we value our community and our culture. We are actively looking for team members who align with our vision, mission and values. Together we believe in an internet you can see across. We optimize the link so you can own your customer experience. ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Bitly is looking for a Visual Designer to support all representations of our brand; layout, typography, iconography, and usage of color with respect to our product. You will support our visual language for a cohesive brand experience across all channels — web experiences, mobile, content, swag, you name it. Our ideal candidate is, first and foremost, a communications design genius, capable of delivering ideas clearly while also translating feedback into clear and cohesive pixel-perfect projects. We would like to see a balanced portfolio of finely polished work across web, mobile, and maybe even some print. You will join a small and passionate design team that's big on teamwork and accountability and low on egos. This role reports to the Art Director and will be an essential bridge between product and marketing. You will get to know your teammates like a second family and enjoy the many benefits of work-hard-play-hard startup culture. MUST… More Info Create Your Free Account Take a tour of enterprise Blog Support Contact Developers Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Partners Careers Bitly Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2017 Bitly™  Handmade in NYC Close Home Tour Enterprise Resources Company Contact Careers Press Room Partners
