Bitly | About Our Company Bitly Tour Enterprise Resources Blog About Login Sign Up Login Sign Up About Us We believe in an internet you can see across Company Careers Contact Press Room We optimize the link so marketers can own their customer experience. Since 2008, we have been committed to optimizing the link so marketers can own the customer experience. Bitly Enterprise - branded links, mobile deep linking, omnichannel campaign tracking, audience intelligence - gives the world's leading brands a holistic, unbiased view into an increasingly complex digital landscape, and a powerful way to see, control and own their customer experience across the internet. We are headquartered in New York City, with offices in San Francisco and Denver, and is trusted by leading brands like IBM, eBay, Nike, GE, BuzzFeed and thousands more. Words we live by Previous Next Do or do not, there is no try. We will do great things. We will take risks. We will make it happen. Knowledge is power. We are curious. We strive to discover new things and share them with the world. This Land is our Land. We are in this together and we are all owners. >(!=) We strive for excellence in all we do. We care. R.E.S.P.E.C.T. We treat our teammates, customers, and partners with integrity and value relationships that we build. Bitly Established 2008 Bitly Raises $2M In Series A Funding Mar 2009 Funding 2010 Bitly launches Branded Short Domains Bitly launches Branded Short Domains, giving brands the ability to control their brand and capture their data by replacing the bit.ly in their Bitlinks. Jan 2010 Product Launch Bitly launches Bitly Brand Tools Bitly launches Bitly Brand Tools (formerly known as Bitly Enterprise). Apr 2010 Product Launch Bitly Raises $10M In Series B Funding Oct 2010 Funding 2011 Milestone: Bitly Brand Tools 100th Customer Feb 2011 Team 2012 Bitly Opens New Office A fast-paced growing company, Bitly moves out of the Betaworks workspace and opens a new office in Union Square, NYC. May 2012 Team Chauncey McPufferson Is Born The Bitly mascot, Chauncey McPufferson, is born. Jun 2012 Team 2013 Bitly Names Mark Josephson as CEO Bitly names Mark Josephson, previously of Outside.In, AOL and About.com, as CEO. Jul 2013 Team 2014 Bitly Launches the Bitly Certified Partner Program Bitly launches the Bitly Certified Partner Program, designed to recognize and support the best companies that integrate Bitly data and functionality into their platforms. Jun 2014 Product Launch 2015 Bitly Optimizes Links for Mobile Bitly launches Mobile Deep Linking to help marketers build a seamless user experience across devices and get their audiences to the right place every time no matter which device they are on. Mar 2015 Product Launch 2016 Bitly <3s HTTPS Bitly deploys HTTPS support for all users with Branded Short Domains to provide encryption and security from third-party "listening" and data collection for their links. May 2016 Product Launch Bitly Unveils #NewBitly The new, more powerful Bitly interface rolls out to all users of the free product around the globe. Jun 2016 Product Launch 2017 Bitly Receives $63 Million Growth Investment from Spectrum Equity Jul 2017 Funding We inspire people to better understand the world around them. Allow us to introduce ourselves We're a fast-paced startup in the heart of NYC's Flatiron District. We offer competitive compensation, a robust benefits package, and the chance to be part of a team that is passionate and focused on building something impactful. View Open Positions Bitly Leadership Team Mark Josephson CEO Follow On Linked In Follow @markjosephson Rob Platzer CTO Follow On Linked In Follow @orbitalsander Matt Thomson CPO Follow On Linked In Follow @daddymention Tom Karrat CRO Follow On Linked In Susan Riskin VP Human Resources Follow On Linked In Follow @suzeriskin The Bitly Believers We are backed by the smartest investors in the business. Bitly Crunchbase Profile Meet Chauncey McPufferson Chauncey McPufferson was born at Bitly HQ in 2008. There are many different sides to this complex, little pufferfish. Just like your links, no two puffers are the same. Please put your fins together for Chauncey's extended family! Chauncey Jehiah Liberty Professor Super Day of the Dead NSFW Sad Richard McSwimmons 8bit Soccer Against Drunk Exciting Funny Hate Huh Like Love Scary Wants Create Your Free Account Take a tour of enterprise Blog Support Contact Developers Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Partners Careers Bitly Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2017 Bitly™  Handmade in NYC Close Home Tour Enterprise Resources Company Contact Careers Press Room Partners
