Bitly | Product Tour Bitly Tour Enterprise Resources Blog About Login Sign Up Login Sign Up Product Tour UNLEASH THE POWER OF THE LINK Links are everywhere. Within every channel and every platform. Only Bitlinks are powerful enough to allow you to see clear across the internet. SHORTEN Shorten, brand and optimize your links across devices and channels. Share them via Bitly, API, or partner integrations. Learn More Clicks MEASURE Track individual link analytics, gather audience intelligence and measure campaign performance in one location. Learn More OPTIMIZE Collect insights on your performance and optimize your marketing efforts to better fit your audience needs. Learn More Audience Shorten Measure Optimize Shorten With parameters, campaign drivers and multiple website pages, links keep getting longer. Bitly keeps them short for when you share on social, email, SMS and more. Shorten With parameters, campaign drivers and multiple website pages, links keep getting longer. Bitly keeps them short for when you share on social, email, SMS and more. Share Share your links across all your marketing channels-including email, SMS, display, social and more-and collect key insights into each channel’s performance and audience. Brand Enterprise Drive CTR up to 34% with Branded Short Domains. Branded Short Domains replace the “bit.ly” in your links with your brand name, allowing you to take total control of your content. Download the case study Brand Enterprise Drive CTR up to 34% with Branded Short Domains. Branded Short Domains replace the “bit.ly” in your links with your brand name, allowing you to take total control of your content. Download the case study Customize Enterprise Give context to the click. Customize the back half of your links to maximize performance and redirect your links so you can use them again and again. Create Your Free Account Take a tour of enterprise Measure Measure and track performance through link analytics. Use these insights to learn what is resonating with your audiences to continuously improve your marketing efforts. Measure Measure and track performance through link analytics. Use these insights to learn what is resonating with your audiences to continuously improve your marketing efforts. Build & Analyze Enterprise Analyze your campaigns to better understand how all of your marketing efforts contribute to overall success and use these insights to improve the experience of your customers. Understand Enterprise Tap into a deeper level of understanding with Audience Intel, our expanded analytics functionality that gives you insight into the most active time of day, most engaged users and much more. Understand Enterprise Tap into a deeper level of understanding with Audience Intel, our expanded analytics functionality that gives you insight into the most active time of day, most engaged users and much more. Optimize Enterprise Optimize your links for all devices using mobile deep links. These links recognize what device your customers are on and directs them to the right content in your brand’s app or the mobile web, providing the best customer experience every time. Integrate Enterprise Integrate Bitly with your existing workflow. Bitly integrates into more than 75 of the world’s leading publishing platforms, letting you take advantage of Bitly functionality in the tools you already use. Integrate Enterprise Integrate Bitly with your existing workflow. Bitly integrates into more than 75 of the world’s leading publishing platforms, letting you take advantage of Bitly functionality in the tools you already use. Influence Enterprise Harness the power of The Bitly Network, the other unique Bitly users engaging with your content. Automatically brand the links that are shared by The Bitly Network and understand how this audience interacts with you and your brand. Create Your Free Account Take a tour of enterprise Blog Support Contact Developers Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Partners Careers Bitly Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2017 Bitly™  Handmade in NYC Close Home Tour Enterprise Resources Company Contact Careers Press Room Partners
