Bitly | Become a Certified Bitly Partner Bitly Tour Enterprise Resources Blog About Login Sign Up Login Sign Up Bitly Certified Partners Bitly Certified Partners Certified Partner Program The Bitly Certified Partner Program identifies the best platforms that integrate Bitly data, functionality and security features for a seamless, secure experience. Apply Today Social Publishing Technology platforms for content marketing and social publishing. Brand Advocacy Tools that empower employees and customers to be brand advocates. Tracking & Analytics Solutions that provide in-depth reporting across social and web. Membership Criteria Proven products and services in good standing Organic overlap with Bitly brand and publisher customers Support integrations via Bitly API Partners Benefits Official certification Technical guidance Flexible API usage Sales collaboration Promotion and referrals Access to new features "As a Bitly Certified Partner, we can provide Adobe Social customers with a deeper understanding of how their Bitly links are contributing to impressions, traffic, and conversion on digital properties so they can optimize their social content campaigns." Craig Stoe, Director of Product Management, Adobe Social "We’re excited to be an official Bitly Certified Partner. Beyond the obvious advantages of a massive data set and enterprise-grade link analytics, they make integration a breeze with excellent documentation and bullet-proof reliability." Noah Brier, CEO, Percolate "Our integration and partnership with Bitly continues to pay off for our clients. It's allowed us to provide more clarity and transparency around our analytics along side a brand name people know and trust." G.I. Sanders, Director of Marketing, Dynamic Signal "The combination of expanded Bitly data and the insights provided by our cross-channel social measurement capabilities gives marketers a clearer picture of campaign performance. That's something that has both sides of this partnership very excited." Adam Schoenfeld, CEO and Co-founder, Simply Measured "Marketers are increasingly surrounded by data that purports to help fuel growth, but ultimately creates more confusion. We are excited to be a Bitly Certified Partner to help marketers connect their Bitly data to more than 40 other tools so they can make sense of their data easily and get back to business." Scott Pollack, Head of Business Development, SumAll Bitly Certified Partners All Social Publishing Brand Advocacy Tracking & Analytics Adobe Social enables marketers to scale their social marketing, listen and respond to customer conversations, and connect social interactions to real business results. adobe.com/social Buffer is the easiest way to publish and schedule your posts on social media. We also give you great analytics on how your posts are performing. bufferapp.com Dynamic Signal transforms marketing by helping brands leverage the voices of employees, customers & fans to help amplify marketing, drive reach and generate revenue. dynamicsignal.com EveryoneSocial enables enterprises to unleash the power of their employees easily through social media to reach an audience 10x the size with 8x the engagement. everyonesocial.com IFTTT is a service that lets you create powerful connections with one simple statement — if this then that. ifttt.com Percolate helps brands create and distribute great content. With a suite of tools, Percolate allows brands, agencies and partners to work within a single platform. percolate.com Simply Measured is the leader in Social Media Measurement offering the most complete view across 9+ channels in earned, owned and paid media. simplymeasured.com Spredfast empowers teams to build relationships with fans and customers on social media. With Spredfast, enterprises can connect social activity to business impact. spredfast.com Sprinklr is the world's largest independent end-to-end social relationship platform. sprinklr.com SumAll is a free, all-in-one analytics dashboard. SumAll connects key business data from over 40 different services from social media to e-commerce and brings it all into one place. sumall.com Zapier is easy automation for busy people. Zapier moves info between your web apps automatically, so you can focus on your most important work. https://zapier.com Create Your Free Account Take a tour of enterprise Blog Support Contact Developers Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Partners Careers Bitly Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2017 Bitly™  Handmade in NYC Close Home Tour Enterprise Resources Company Contact Careers Press Room Partners
