Albion Hotel Miami ↓ Skip to Main Content Albion Hotel Home About Rooms Amenities Dining Art Deco Botanical Garden Lincoln Road Mall Contact Reservations Menu Albion Hotel Miami 1650 James Ave Miami Beach, FL 33139 The Albion Hotel Miami is one of the coolest beach hotels in Miami. This hip hotel is in the heart of South Beach, located directly on the stylish Lincoln Road Mall. Its location is the most central to the best dining experience, shopping, and vibrant nightlife. In the heart of South Beach, culture, entertainment, and scenery collide. Staying at the Albion gives you access to Florida’s many tourist attractions which are just walking distance to the hotel like the Ocean Drive and the Art Deco District. Albion Hotel has stunning rooms making your Miami Beach vacation an unforgettable one. The Albion Hotel is a perfect place with great services and the best amenities, giving you a perfect Miami Beach experience without draining your savings. The Albion Hotel is situated in the flashy South Beach Miami, Florida. The beautiful beaches of Miami and the Miami Beach Convention Center are just a block from this hotel. This hotel features a 60-foot outdoor pool with sun deck surrounded by coconut palm trees. The Miami International Airport is approximately 20 minutes from this boutique hotel in Miami. The Cruise Port of Miami and Miami’s financial district are just ten minutes travel by car. This hotel’s central location is within minutes from Miami Beach’s attractions: Miami Beach Botanical Gardens Holocaust Memorial Museum Ocean Drive Art Deco District Filmore Center at The Jackie Gleason Theater Hotel Services Enjoy great services at the Albion Hotel. Guests are given the best services and convenient amenities that a top-rated hotel can offer. Amenities at the Albion Hotel Miami are designed to make your Miami Beach vacation a worthwhile experience. This boutique hotel is also a pet-friendly hotel. The Albion Hotel offers guests with many services and facilities aside from its fine location in South Beach. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Albion Hotel
