American Executive Inn Mesa, Mesa - AZ, 85201 American Executive Inn Mesa, Mesa - AZ, 85201 ↓ Skip to Main Content American Executive Inn Menu Welcome to American Executive Inn Mesa, AZ Visitors to the Valley of the Sun will find this Magnuson Hotels affiliate is ONLY ONE BLOCK AWAY FROM THE LIGHT RAIL and center to everything that Tempe, Mesa, Scottsdale, Gilbert, and downtown Phoenix has to offer. Corporate travelers will be just minutes to Arizona State University, Intel Headquarters, Banner Desert Medical Center, Luke Air force Base, Boeing Manufacturing Plant, and Alliant Techsystems. Chicago Cubs Spring Training - 1 mile and Oakland A's Training Facility - 3 miles. Featured Amenities Outdoor Pool Picnic Area Free Parking Free Wireless Internet Complimentary Cable TV Free Local Calls Air conditioning Complimentary toiletries Rollaway beds Available Travelers looking to have some fun will be near Golfland Sunsplash, Big Surf Waterpark, Fiesta Mall, the Phoenix Zoo and Botanical Gardens, Mesa Golf and Country Club, and Casino Arizona. After a day in the Arizona sun, guests will enjoy relaxing in the outdoor pool, free wireless internet through out the air conditioned property, and picnic area with BBQ for a late night cookout. Guest rooms offer queen beds and come equipped with cable TV, microwave, refrigerator, and free local calls. Guests can also select rooms with kitchenettes or suites with a Jacuzzi. Iron and boards may be available at the front desk at check in. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 American Executive Inn
