Lincoln City Hotels: America's Best Inn Lincoln City OR Lincoln City Hotels: America's Best Inn Lincoln City OR ↓ Skip to Main Content Americas Best Inn Lincoln City America's Best Inn Hotel Affordable Hotel In Lincoln City, OR The choice for Lincoln City,OR hotels, the Americas Best Inn Lincoln City Hotel, provides lodging near Dockside Depot Whale Watching and Fishing Charters, Pacific Ocean, Chinook Winds Casino, and Oregon Coast Aquarium. Clean. Comfortable. Efficient. The America's Best Inn Lincoln City Hotel wants to help you feel at home as much as possible when you're on the road. Experience a warm, inviting, and family-oriented lodging choice at a reasonable price at the America's Best Inn Lincoln City Hotel hotel with your complimentary breakfast, free local calls, and the opportunity to take advantage of membership in our frequent guest loyalty program. Americas Best Inn & Suites is 100% Non-Smoking. We offer complimentary hot continental breakfast, free wireless high speed internet, air conditioning in all rooms, guest coin laundry, free local calls, and allergy free Evergreen suites are also available. We are centrally located near shops, outlet malls, and the casino. We are only 3 blocks walking distance to the ocean and beaches. We provide free shuttle to Chinook Winds Casino, DVD movie rentals in our lobby, secure off street parking and RV/Bus parking, relaxing spa and sauna on premises, rollaway beds / cribs available. In room: 25-27 inch cable TV 100 channels, with HBO, DVD players, data ports, coffeemakers w/gourmet coffee, hair dryers, iron and ironing boards, microwave and refrigerators, radio alarm clock, heating and air conditioning, two floors, all interior corridors, handicap accessible, 24 hour front desk services, business center, safety deposit boxes, security cameras, smoke detectors and sprinkler system. Relax and enjoy a super comfortable queen, 2 queen, or king bed suites. The America's Best Inn Lincoln City Hotel also offers a limited number of EcoRooms. Appealing to today's environmentally conscious guest, these rooms are designed to be environmentally friendly - using less energy and fewer disposable items. At the America's Best Inn Lincoln City Hotel - Expect More. Get More. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Americas Best Inn Lincoln City
