America's Best Inn & Suites Lafayette Hotel, the premier choice for Lafayette hotels America's Best Inn & Suites Lafayette Hotel, the premier choice for Lafayette hotels ↓ Skip to Main Content America's Best Inn & Suites Lafayette Your ideal choice for Lafayette, LA hotels! The All Suite choice for Lafayette, LA hotels, the Americas Best Suites Lafayette Hotel, provides lodging near Cajundome & Convention Center, Heymann Convention Center, Historic Downtown Lafayette, and Acadian village. The America's Best Suites Lafayette is an all suites property located in the "Heart of Acadiana" close to area businesses, the Oil Center, the University of Louisiana, the Cajundome & Convention Center, tourist attractions, and much more! We are also conveniently located near area businesses, such as Haliburton Oilfield, Schlumberger Oilfield, Pathfinder Oilfield, Weatherford Oilfield, and Superior Oilfield. Clean. Comfortable. Efficient. At America's Best Suites Lafayette all suites offer a separate sofa and sleeping area with complimentary coffee, refrigerators, microwaves, wet bars, irons, ironing boards, hairdryers, free wireless high speed internet, and 60 + television channels with HBO. Experience a warm, inviting, and family-oriented lodging at the America's Best Suites Lafayette hotel with your complimentary hot buffet breakfast, indoor pool, business center, complimentary beverages (Mon-Sat evenings), free local calls, and the opportunity to take advantage of membership in our frequent guest loyalty program. The America's Best Inn & Suites Lafayette also offers a limited number of EcoRooms. Appealing to today's environmentally conscious guest, these rooms are designed to be environmentally friendly - using less energy and fewer disposable items. At the America's Best Inn & Suites Lafayette - Expect More. Get More Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Americas Best Inn Lafayette
