Americas Best Inn Shell Lake - Americas Best Inn Shell Lake - ↓ Skip to Main Content Americas Best Inn Shell Lake Welcome to the America's Best Inn & Suites Shell Lake, WI, a Shell Lake Wisconsin hotel, near Eau Claire, WI We are proud to provide the amenities you want most and we deliver them at the highest level possible, starting with quiet rooms. Our Shell Lake WI hotel offers a variety of room types, including suites with whirlpools and fireplaces, that are perfect for business or leisure travelers. Welcome to a warm smile, great service, an inviting pool, free breakfast, and quiet nights! Enjoy our Splash Bay Adventure waterpark with an indoor 10 ft dual waterslide, kiddy waterslide, wading pool, whirlpool, recreation area and more. We are an ideal getaway when looking for down-home hospitality and Northwoods appeal Clean. Comfortable. Efficient. The America's Best Inn & Suites Shell Lake, WI wants to help you feel at home as much as possible when you're on the road. Experience a warm, inviting, and family-oriented lodging choice at a reasonable price at the America's Best Inn & Suites Shell Lake, WI hotel with your complimentary breakfast, free local calls, and the opportunity to take advantage of membership in our Best Rest Rewards™ frequent guest loyalty program. At the America's Best Inn & Suites Shell Lake, WI - Expect More. Get More Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Americas Best Inn Shell Lake
