Americas Best Inn Lake Charles - Americas Best Inn Lake Charles - ↓ Skip to Main Content Americas Best Inn Lake Charles America's Best Inn & Suites Lake Charles is your ideal choice for Lake Charles, LA hotels! America's Best Inns - Expect more. Get more The choice for Lake Charles, LA hotels, the Americas Best Inn & Suites Lake Charles Hotel, provides lodging near Millennium Park, Mardi Gras Museum, North Beach, LAuberge DuLac Casino and Delta Downs Racetrack & Casino. Clean. Comfortable. Efficient. The America's Best Inn & Suites Lake Charles wants to help you feel at home as much as possible when you're on the road. Experience a warm, inviting, and family-oriented lodging choice at a reasonable price at the America's Best Inn & Suites Lake Charles hotel with your complimentary breakfast, free local calls, and the opportunity to take advantage of membership in our frequent guest loyalty program. The America's Best Inn & Suites Lake Charles is a thriving destination catering to many tastes. From Cajun & Creole cuisine, award winning golf courses, casinos and festivals to hunting and fishing adventure travel, you will find it all in Lake Charles, LA. The America's Best Inn & Suites Lake Charles also offers a limited number of EcoRooms. Appealing to today's environmentally conscious guest, these rooms are designed to be environmentally friendly - using less energy and fewer disposable items. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Americas Best Inn Lake Charles
