Mobile Alabama's Battleship Inn, Hotel in Mobile Alabama. Mobile Alabama's Battleship Inn, Hotel in Mobile Alabama. ↓ Skip to Main Content Battleship Inn Menu Battleship Inn Resort 2701 Battleship Parkway, Mobile, AL 36601 The Hotel in Mobile Alabama is located just outside the city of Mobile and less than a mile from the Convention Center, the Civic Center and the Carnival Cruise Terminal. Only a short drive to beautiful Bellingrath Gardens, to the sugar white sand beaches of Gulf Shores and Dauphin Island and to the casinos on the coast. The Hotel is adjacent to the Port of Mobile and the shipping industry. The hotel features spacious, well appointed guest rooms with compact microwaves, refrigerators and a 32" flat screen television with DVD player. Free local and long distance phone calls and free high speed internet is in each room along with in-room coffee makers and many other standard amenities. We have an outstanding outdoor pool, deck and courtyard area built for family fun. The Mobile Alabama's Battleship Inn Resort is not your big corporate hotel and yet we are big enough to give you the great service you expect, while small enough to still give you that southern touch that really makes a difference. And you do not want to miss John Word's Restaurant and Jazz Cafe'. This popular steak and seafood restaurant is located on the hotel property and features only the very finest in food and service. The restaurant is open from 5:00 am to 12:00 midnight and room service is available. You will not be disappointed in John Word's Restaurant and Jazz Cafe' Restaurant! The home of gigantic steaks and fresh, local seafood! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Battleship Inn
