Bay Bridge Inn Oakland California CA Hotels Motels Accommodations in Oakland ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Location Reservations Rooms Things To Do Contact Menu Welcome to Bay Bridge Inn 683 West MacArthur Boulevard, Oakland, Ca 94609 Bay Bridge Inn is an economy property in Oakland conveniently located 2 blocks from BART station, which puts it in easy reach of San Francisco and Berkeley. Guest rooms are clean and comfortable and offer modern amenities including free wired and wireless Internet at a budget price. This Inn also provides a 24-hours front desk and free parking. UC Berkeley, Alta Bates, Oakland Children Hospital, Highland Hospital, Kaiser Permanente, Lake Merritt, Jack London Square, Oakland Coliseum (Oakland Raiders and Golden State Warriors) and Downtown Oakland are all within ten minutes driving distance of the Bay Bridge Inn. The hotel amenities are: Internet access - High-Speed, Internet access - Wireless, Non-smoking room Full Size Rooms: The room offers one double bed or one twin beds with air conditioning, bathroom amenities, cable/satellite TV, color TV, DVD player, hairdryer, Internet access, microwave oven, non-smoking rooms, radio, refrigerator, telephone. King Size Rooms: The room offers one double bed or one twin beds with air conditioning, bathroom amenities, cable/satellite TV, color TV, DVD player, hairdryer, Internet access, microwave oven, non-smoking rooms, radio, refrigerator, telephone. Oakland is one of the most beautiful and diverse cities in the world. We are a cosmopolitan city with friendly, distinct neighborhoods. Oakland produces a gumbo of cultures, arts, music, politics, language and cuisines with international impact. This is a city we should all be proud to call home. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Bay Bridge Inn
