Bestway Inn of Grants Pass, Oregon - Lowest Rates, Comfortable, Clean and Pet Friendly Motel in Grants Pass, OR ↓ Skip to Main Content Best Way Inn Home Accommodations Attractions Our Amenities Guest Services Things to do Location Contact Reservations Menu Welcome to the Bestway Inn – Grants Pass, OR 1253 NE 6th Street, Grants Pass, OR 97526 The Bestway Inn of Grants Pass, Oregon is a low cost, clean and comfortable inn conveniently located in the city of Grants Pass, Oregon. Offering the standards of accommodations that business and leisure travelers expect, The Bestway Inn is located conveniently off the I-5 corridor, is approximately 30 miles from the Medford airport, an hour from Pacific ocean beaches, and lies at the entrance to the Rogue River highway. Enjoy Your Stay at our Grants Pass inn. The Bestway Inn offers a lovely remodeled 21 room facility with tastefully appointed air-conditioned guest rooms with two full sized beds or one queen or king-sized beds, television with free HBO movies, cable tv, refrigerator, free WiFi internet and ironing board. Our office offers guest fax service. Ice and vending machines are located next to the office. Enjoy our complimentary continental breakfast bar that includes cereal, hot coffee and tea. Our rooms are all at the bottom floor. We are located next to many restaurants, fast food and local businesses. We also offer free parking. The Bestway Inn is surrounded by popular attractions. Best known for the Rogue River Hellgate Jetboat Excursions, Oregon Caves National Monument, art galleries, Out ‘n’ About Treehouses the Outdoor Growers Market, Wildlife Images, historic downtown shopping and many many more! Grants Pass’ attractions and entertainment will excite you. Grants Pass, Oregon has been praised as “one of the best hidden jewels of Oregon” and “one of the top places for families.” Whether you’re visiting Grants Pass, Oregon for work or pleasure — for a quick getaway or extended stay — you’ll find what you’re looking for at The Bestway Inn! Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Best Way Inn
