Hotel in Wichita Falls TX, Hotels Wichita Falls Texas. Hotel in Wichita Falls TX, Hotels Wichita Falls Texas. ↓ Skip to Main Content Best Western Wichita Falls TX Welcome to the Best Western University Inn and Suites Located near Midwestern State University and the Sikes Senter Mall. This new Best Western location is completely smoke-free and includes lobby area and breakfast room. Spacious Accommodations: Experience excellent hospitality when you stay with us. Traveling to Texas for business or pleasure, it feels like home at the Best Western University Inn and Suites in Wichita Falls, Texas. All guest rooms are Wi-Fi enabled featuring sofa bed, 27-inch TVs with cable service, microwave and refrigerator providing added convenience. Superb Services and Amenities Guest Enjoy: Complimentary full Breakfast Outdoor pool Fitness center Wi-Fi business center 32” LCD Television Microwave / Refrigerator Hairdryer / coffee/tea maker Interior corridors with elevator free parking Pet friendly Meeting Facilities Wheelchairs accessible Coin laundry facilities Complimentary USA TODAY Hotel Details. Pets Allowed, Meeting Facilities, Common/Public Areas Accessible to Wheelchairs, Business Center, Pet Fee Ind, Common Area Wireless Access, Laundry Room Come relax and enjoy the best hospitality in town at Best Western Wichita Falls University, TX. The stylish and relaxed atmosphere is sure to keep you coming back for years to come! Reservations and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Best Western Wichita Falls TX
