Best Western Kelly Inn Plymouth MN Hotel | Plymouth Minneapolis Hotels Best Western Kelly Inn Plymouth MN Hotel | Plymouth Minneapolis Hotels ↓ Skip to Main Content Best Western Plymouth Menu Best Western Kelly Inn Plymouth, Minnesota One of Minneapolis’s best hotels, the Best Western Kelly Inn is located in the Western Suburb of Plymouth. The Best Western Kelly Inn in Plymouth features a new children’s waterpark including slides, water jets, tumble buckets, and water basketball. Along with the Plymouth Playhouse and Award-winning Green Mill Restaurant, we provide three hot spots under one roof with easy access to both I-494 and Hwy 55. We are located just minutes away from the Target Center, Metrodome, Minneapolis Convention Center, Mall of America, and many other Minneapolis attractions and Sporting events including the Minnesota Vikings, Minnesota Twins, and the Minnesota Timberwolves. If sporting events are not your interest, we are also located minutes away from Minneapolis Theatres like the State, Orpheum, and Guthrie, whose events can be purchased through Ticketmaster. We are also convenient to Shakopee area attractions such as Valleyfair, the Renaissance Festival, Canterbury Park, and Mystic Lake Casino. When visiting the Twin Cities area, make the Best Western Kelly Inn, Plymouth your Minneapolis hotel choice. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Best Western Plymouth
