Hotel - Best Western Sawmill Inn, Heber - AZ, 85928 Hotel - Best Western Sawmill Inn, Heber - AZ, 85928 ↓ Skip to Main Content Best Western Sawmill Inn Menu Welcome to Best Western Sawmill Inn Heber, AZ Located in the heart of the beautiful Mogollon Rim country and surrounded by the Apache-Sitgreaves Forest. Heber was founded by Mormon settlers in 1883. The first settlers were farmers and ranchers until approximately 1926 when the first sawmill was built here. Considering the vast natural resource of timber in the surrounding area, the sawmill and logging business has been the mainstay of the Heber area for many years. Featured Amenities Exercise facility Exterior corridor High-speed Internet access Free parking Photocopy services Fax services Express check in 24-hour front desk 24-hour security Meeting facillites The BEST WESTERN Sawmill Inn, designed to reflect our country heritage and atmosphere, offers 43 spacious, comfortable rooms at affordable rates. We invite you to come and experience a taste of our quiet, hospitable country living as you relax in the shadows of the tall Ponderosa pines and bask in the cool, fresh mountain air. At the BEST WESTERN Sawmill Inn we offer your choice of smoking or non-smoking, double queen or single king rooms, as well as rooms facilitating the disabled. Our Deluxe King rooms include a microwave, refrigerator, a lounge area with queen size hide-a-bed sofa, and over-stuffed chairs. Ask about our honeymoon or anniversary package. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Best Western Sawmill Inn
