Marina Resort The Marina Resort Hotel in Big Bear Lake is on the water and in the Village ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Amenities Local Special Events Location Contact Reservations Home Welcome to the Marina Resort 40770 Big Bear Blvd. Big Bear Lake, CA 92315 Think you've had it with daily life? Think about this… a beautiful, sandy beach, Lakeside Jacuzzi, seasonal pool, and sweeping lake views from every room. 32 Flat Screen TVs, high-speed internet, coffee makers, refrigerators all the conveniences you would expect to find at a beautiful lake front hotel. Our top floor offers king rooms for adults, our middle floor offers two double beds with a balcony and our lake level floor offers two queen beds with beach access. That’s what you’ll find at the Marina Resort, a three diamond lake front resort where every room has a breathtaking lake views. The Marina Resort… call us now, a reservation specialist is standing by. Four Seasons of Fun Enjoy fresh mountain air, not far from home! Big Bear Lake is a four season resort offering year round activities. Check out our Local Guide for plenty to do while in Big Bear. Example: Snow-Skiing, Boating, Hiking, Mountain Bike Riding, Helicopter, Segway and Zipline tours, plus much more Every room has magnificent lake views because we are a water front hotel. Stay with us and you will enjoy here on our property panoramic views, a private beach, pool and Jacuzzi. And just across the street is the Village with eateries & shopping! Click Here to make a Reservations Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact © 2017 Big Bear Lodging
