Bryce Valley Inn - Bryce Canyon Hotels Bryce Valley Inn - Bryce Canyon Hotels ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Area Attractions Bryce Canyon Contact Us Reservations Welcome To Bryce Valley A Beautiful View From Below The Canyon The Bryce Valley Inn is nestled in the picturesque town of Tropic and is just 11 miles from the main entrance of Bryce Canyon National Park. The town of tropic borders the East Side of the Bryce Canyon. At the Bryce Valley Inn your days and nights are spent surrounded by some of the West's most beautiful scenery. Also close by you'll find the Escalante Grand Staircase National Monument, Kodachrome Basin State Park, All American Scenic Highway 12 (one of top in America) and many other magnificent scenic destinations. Bryce Canyon is recognized by many as one of the most unique and beautiful geologic formations in the world. A trip to southern Utah is just not complete without a visit to Bryce Canyon. There's so much to see and do here that you'll want to plan to stay at least two days and five would still not be enough. The Bryce Valley Inn is complete with a gift shop and restaurant and we'd be happy to assist you in planning other activities while you are here in the area. Horseback riding, ATV backcountry tours, and other activities are more enjoyable at Bryce Canyon because of the friendly people and serene atmosphere. We invite you to stay with us at the Bryce Valley Inn. Reservations Current Rates and Availability >> Reviews "We stayed here when we went to Bryce Canyon. The motel is about 10 minutes away from the park, but a lot cheaper than staying close to Bryce. Check in was very pleasant. We weren't supposed to have breakfast, but was surprised when they told us it was 7. The room was nice and clean, bed very comfortable. We stayed on the top floor and didn't hear any noise. Breakfast was in a nice room and had a nice offering. We will stay here again when we go back to Bryce." Room Amenities Air conditioning Direct TV High speed wireless internet Non-smoking room Coffee maker Free local call © 2017 Bryce Valley Inn
