Buccaneer Beach Motel, Bar & Grill - Buccaneer Beach Motel | Buccaneer Beach Motel ↓ Skip to Main Content Home About Event Services Location Nightlife Restaurants Shopping Contact Reservations Menu Welcome To Buccaneer Beach Motel, Bar & Grill 711 WEST BEACH DRIVE, PANAMA CITY, FL 32401 The Buccaneer Beach Motel is located in the center of Historic Panama City, Florida. We are just minutes from both the Panama City and St Andrews Marinas. We are directly on beautiful St. Andrew’s Bay overlooking Redfish Point, Shell Island and the Pass to the Gulf of Mexico. The motel features over 800 ft on the water with 100 units with a large sundeck, pool and a dock for fishing along with a kids playground area on the beach and in front of the famous “Buccaneer Bar & Grill.” Also come enjoy the new pool tables  and dart boards while relaxing and listening to either the juke box or our live entertainment on the weekends. The Buccaneer Bar & Grill has been a local gathering place for over 50 years and has been remodeled and updated to accommodate any social event from a wedding reception, business meeting or just a place to meet your friends and watch the sunset and listen to live music. In addition to the beautiful setting and great accommodations and entertainment the Buccaneer Beach motel is also very close to the County and Federal Court Houses, Martin Theater,Marina Civic Center, Bay Arts Alliance, Bay County Library and many churches. We also are within walking distance to many local shops,eateries and places to enjoy the nightlife of downtown. We look forward to having you and your family at our place. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Buccaneer Beach Motel
