Budget Inn New Castle - Budget Inn New Castle - ↓ Skip to Main Content Budget Inn New Castle Menu Welcome to Budget Inn New Castle, DE The Budget Inn New Castle is convenient to all major area highways and close to local businesses and attractions. This New Castle, DE hotel is just minutes from Wilmington University and the Chase Center on the Riverfront special event facility. Popular attractions close to our hotel in Wilmington DE include the Brandywine Zoo, the Delaware Park horse racetrack and casino, Frawley Stadium baseball park and the Mid-Atlantic Grand Prix entertainment facility. For a cultural experience, tour the Delaware Art Museum and catch a live show at the nearby DuPont Theatre and The Grand Opera House. New Jersey, Maryland, and the cities of Wilmington and Newark are only a short drive from the hotel. Enjoy shopping at the Shipyard Shops outlets and the Christiana Mall. Nearby restaurants cater to a variety of tastes and budgets. The on-site restaurant and lounge, Augusta Grille, offers room service to hotel guests. All beautifully decorated guest rooms have contemporary furnishings and are equipped with microwaves, refrigerators, curved shower rods, coffee makers, hair dryers, irons, ironing boards, and flat-screen televisions with cable and free movies. For added guest convenience, we have a gift shop, convenience store and concierge desk. Valet cleaning services are also offered. Ample parking is available and can accommodate most cars, trucks or buses. Just stay Budget Inn New Castle and we're certain you'll want to stay with us every time you visit the New Castle and Wilmington area. Our friendly staff will do all they can to help make your stay memorable. Book a room with us today and enjoy everything we have to offer. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Contact Us © 2017 Budget Inn New Castle
