Budget Inn Motel, Oceanfront hotel in Corpus Christi, Texas 78402 Budget Inn Motel, Oceanfront hotel in Corpus Christi, Texas 78402 ↓ Skip to Main Content Budget Inn Corpus Christi Menu Welcome to Budget Inn Motel in Corpus Christi !! Corpus Christi, TX Welcome to the Budget Inn Motel, oceanfront hotel in Corpus Christi, conveniently located at 231 Stewart Pl. Beach areas are in the walking distance from the hotel. Our 2-story ocean front hotel, with 26 rooms, offers free Wi-Fi Internet access, free parking for vehicles of any size and 24-hour front desk service at our Corpus Christi hotel. Smoking & non-smoking rooms, 6-Kitchenette Rooms are also available. Just minutes from our hotel, you can experience the beautiful downtown Corpus Christi and also nearby our hotel is Corpus Christi Aquarium, USS Lexington Museum, Corpus Christi Museum of Science and History, Live music in the downtown and much more. Enjoy great food and experience the varieties of authentic cuisines in the nearby restaurants of our hotel in Corpus Christi, Texas. Our Amenities 26 Rooms (3 Story Building) 24 x 7 Front desk Free High Speed Wi/Fi Internet Free Vehicle Parking Microwave/Fridge Smoking & Non-Smoking Rooms Kitchenette Rooms Guest Laundry Free Local Calls Check In: 2 PM, Check Out: 11AM Coffee in Lobby Area Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Budget Inn Corpus Christi
