Forest Grove Oregon Motel Budget Inn Forest Grove Oregon Motel Budget Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Budget Inn Oregon Menu Welcome to Budget Inn Forest Grove, OR The Budget Inn is proud to serve Forest Grove, Hillsboro, Beaverton, Portland areas, as well as Washington County. At the Budget Inn "We Care About Your Comfort". All rooms have Air-Conditioning and are equipped with Refrigerator, Microwave, Clock Radio, Direct Dial Phones, Remote Control, Cable Television with HBO and more. Conveniently Located Only 4 blocks from the Pacific University and 9 miles from the Hillsboro Airport. Beaverton and Portland are nearby, or to the west is the Oregon Coast which is only 57 minutes away. Enjoy the drive along the way. General Amenities • Conveniently Located • Close To Shopping • Bus line • 24 Hr Front Desk • Exceptional Service • Daily Maid Service • Nearby Activities Room Amenities • Refrigerator • Microwave • Direct Dial Phone • Cable TV & HBO • Remote Control • Air Conditioning At the Budget Inn, our goal is to ensure the complete satisfaction of every customer, while offering knowledgeable and friendly service at affordable rates. Please take a moment to browse through our site to learn more about us and how we can show you the "Budget Inn" difference. See the local activities and attractions in Forest Grove and the surrounding areas and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. We look forward to hearing from you soon. Thank You, Budget Inn Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Budget Inn Oregon
