BEST WESTERN PLUS Columbus North Hotel in Columbus, Ohio | Your Hotel Near OSU, Crew Center and Downtown ↓ Skip to Main Content BW Columbus Hotel Home Lodging Amenities Attractions Dining Banquets and Meetings Things To Do Location Contact Reservations Menu Welcome to BEST WESTERN PLUS Columbus North Hotel Your Full Service Hotel in Columbus Ohio Conveniently located only 10 miles from downtown, the BEST WESTERN PLUS Columbus North Hotel is your ideal full-service business and leisure hotel in Columbus, Ohio. We pride ourselves in offering professional hospitality within a comfortable setting while providing all the modern amenities you would expect from BEST WESTERN. Jr. Olympic size Indoor Pool, Sports Club and more! For your enjoyment, our hotel in Columbus Ohio features an indoor Jr. Olympic size pool, sports club, outdoor pool, and hot tub. We can also accommodate up to 250 people in our spacious meeting and banquet rooms which are great for conventions, weddings, business meetings, or any other special event. For a Hotel near OSU, Crew Stadium and more! The BEST WESTERN PLUS Columbus North is ideally located off Interstate 71 near Ohio State University, Nationwide Arena, the Schottenstein Center, and Crew Stadium. In addition, guests always appreciate the selection of nearby dining and shopping options at the Polaris Fashion Place Mall. For added entertainment, the popular Easton Towne Center, Columbus Zoo and Aquarium are near our hotel in Columbus Ohio. Comfortable Columbus Lodging Our beautifully appointed guestrooms provide microwaves, refrigerators, coffee/tea makers, hairdryers, and HBO® televisions. For your convenience, we also offer a discounted hot breakfast buffet and free parking to our guests. Experience fine dining at Spain, our BEST WESTERN PLUS onsite restaurant. Gather a group together, relax and enjoy our extensive menu of Mediterranean creations and delicious entrées. Quick Columbus Hotel Reservations Whether traveling for business or pleasure, our friendly and experienced staff wants to make your stay at our hotel in Columbus, Ohio memorable. Reserve your room today at the BEST WESTERN PLUS Columbus North. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 BW Columbus Hotel
