Glenwood Springs Hotels | Best Western Antlers - Glenwood Springs Colorado Hotel | Hotel near Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park and the Hot Springs Pool Glenwood Springs Hotels | Best Western Antlers - Glenwood Springs Colorado Hotel | Hotel near Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park and the Hot Springs Pool ↓ Skip to Main Content Best Western Glenwood Springs Hotel Menu Welcome to the Best Western Antlers The choice for Glenwood Springs Hotels… BEST WESTERN Antlers is located in the heart of historic Glenwood Springs, Colorado. Glenwood Springs, voted “America’s Most Fun Small Town” by Rand McNally in 2011, is perfectly situated in Colorado’s Central Rocky Mountains. At just over 5,500 feet of elevation, this charming western depot is home to geographic and scenic wonders like the Glenwood Canyon, Hanging Lake, Colorado River, Glenwood Hot Springs Pool, and Yampah Vapor Caves. Unlike any other Glenwood Springs hotel, our 99 guest rooms and suites sit upon 5 seasonally landscaped acres of land. BEST WESTERN Antlers is the largest hotel property by land size in downtown Glenwood Springs, CO. We invite you to take a break from the highway or Amtrak train and enjoy on-site amenities like indoor hot tub, wireless internet access, and free parking & breakfast. BEST WESTERN Antlers’ “walk to everything” location is surrounded by unique Colorado scenery and foliage, not to mention some of the best dining, recreation, and entertainment in Glenwood Springs. This family owned and operated Colorado Best Western is a value minded resort style motor lodge designed for relaxation and family fun. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Contact Us © 2017 Best Western Glenwood Springs Hotel
