Cambridge Inn Airport Cambridge Inn Airport ↓ Skip to Main Content Cambridge Inn Menu Welcome to Cambridge Inn OKLAHOMA CITY, OK Welcome to Cambridge Inn Extended Stay living. We are located 3 miles east to the Will Roger World Airport for your traveling convenience. We are here to make your trip more enjoyable. Give us a call today and make a reservation! We Close to Area Restaurants, Featuring an seasonal outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi in Lobby area, this hotel is located 12 miles south of Oklahoma City. We offer Cable TV with HBO, ESPN, ESPN2, CNN , and free long distance(limited) calls are also provided. Select rooms have a microwave and refrigerator. Guests can relax on the seasonal outdoor sundeck. Cambridge Inn offers a free coffee each morning. State Fair Park is 6 miles away and Brick town, Ballpark are both a 12-minute drive from this hotel. Cox Business Convention Center and Oklahoma City National Memorial are 12 miles away: 67 Guest Rooms Low weekly Rates Extended Stay King, Single, Doubles, Most of the Rooms with Microwave & Refrigerator Courtyard Pool & tennis court Easy Access To Interstate Guest coin Laundry Free Local calls Free High Speed Internet In Rooms Free Coffee in Lobby 24 Hours adjoining Restaurant Fax & copy Service Truck & tour Bus parking Meeting Room - 1000 Sq. Feet. Free HBO Key packets ready upon arrival Exercise Facility nearby Non Smoking Rooms available   Current Rates and Availability >>     Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Cambridge Inn
