Canterbury Inn Americas Best Value Inn Hotels in Shakopee MN Canterbury Inn Americas Best Value Inn Hotels in Shakopee MN ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Accommodations Attractions Directions Meetings Contact Us Reservations Welcome to Canterbury Inn of Shakopee Americas Best Value Inn & Suites formerly the Canterbury Inn of Shakopee Ideally located 25 miles southwest of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Adjacent to Canterbury Park and only minutes from the Mall of America, Mystic Lake Casino, Valleyfair Amusement Park and many other Twin Cities attractions. This 175 room full service hotel is a great place to stay with your family or host a group event. Canterbury Inn is conveniently located directly south and only 25 miles from downtown Minneapolis, adjacent to Canterbury Park. This hotel has the perfect combination of abundant amenities and ideal location, weather you are in town on business, seeking a romantic getaway away from the hustle and bustle of the city, or enjoying the local attractions or historic downtown Shakopee. From weddings and conventions to family vacations, this hotel offers exceptional value and convenience. With its spacious 6,460 square feet of conference and banquet rooms, this hotel provides an ideal setting for business and corporate gatherings during the day, and banquet dinners at night. Its large indoor heated pool, two Jacuzzis, Sauna and Fitness Center, and arcade provides a wide variety of indoor activities for children and adults. Reservations     Reservations and Availability >> Review Stayed there on business Tuesday night. Very clean and staff was super friendly. Enjoyed very large room with nice office set up for me to do my work. Had a very nice dinner at Arizona's and found it to be a very warm atmosphere. Was very close to Mall of America and was able to drive there in minutes was just a very nice stay and for the price cannot beat it. Will for sure stay there from now on when I am working in the twin cities. Why Stay at our Hotel? The biggest reasons why everyone enjoys staying at the Canterbury Inn / Americas Best Value Inn & Suites of Shakopee, MN are the atrium style pool, hotel amenities, the convenient location near Canterbury Park, Valleyfair, the Mall of America, and the affordable prices. © 2017 Canterbury Inn Shakopee
