South Beach Miami Luxury Boutique Hotels | Casanova Suites on the Beach South Beach Miami Luxury Boutique Hotels | Casanova Suites on the Beach ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Local Info Suites Things To Do Reservations Menu Casanova Suites on the Beach A Beachfront Luxury Boutique Resort Hotel Casanova Suites on the Beach is an upscale luxury boutique resort hotel situated in the heart of the retro Art Deco District on Ocean Drive in Miami Beach, Florida and across the street from the renowned South Beach Atlantic Ocean. Our suites embrace the essence of home. Upon walking in the Casanova Suites, you have the feeling that we have been awaiting for your arrival. Each boutique accommodation has been decorated and cleaned with care. Because of our size, we have the ability to make your stay as customized as you would like it to be. We have friendly and outgoing staff that will go out of their way to exceed your expectations. We welcome you to enjoy our carefully selected mini bar with a variety of exquisite food and beverages. The Casanova Suites features a rooftop pool with a breathtaking view of the Atlantic Ocean. This is the perfect place to relax, enjoy the sun and let go of all your worries. This oceanfront boutique hotel was recently renovated and offers spacious 800 and 1200 square foot lodging accommodations with upscale luxury amenities such as kitchenettes with full-size stainless steel appliances, plasma televisions, iPod docking stations, marble floors, hand- painted ceilings, and more! Several beachfront suites offer balconies overlooking the Atlantic Ocean; you can enjoy direct ocean view as well as the fantastic palm trees of Lumus Park. Reservations >> We really enjoyed out stay. The location was PERFECT. The decor was neat and trendy. We will definitely be back for another stay. Thank you for everything and keep our bed warm till our return Menu Home Local Info Suites Things To Do Reservations Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Casanova Suites Miami      
