Hotels In Columbus Ohio | Columbus South | Hotel Near Airport Hotels In Columbus Ohio | Columbus South | Hotel Near Airport ↓ Skip to Main Content Columbus OSU Hotel Menu Welcome to Colombus OSU Hotel Enjoy the comfort and convenience of our Columbus, Ohio hotel The Columbus South hotel in Obetz offers guests a convenient location combined with unbeatable amenities and accommodations. Both business and leisure travelers can take advantage of our hotel’s close proximity to all of Columbus, OH’s great attractions, businesses, and points of interest including Downtown Columbus, Columbus Motor Speedway, Ohio State University (OSU), Port Columbus International Airport, the Rickenbacker International Airport, Easton Town Center, Scioto Downs, Berliner Sports Park, Mopar Nationals, COSI, Franklin Park Conservatory, Ohio State Fair Grounds, Columbus Convention Center, and much more. In addition, we offer all of our guests a wide range of great amenities such as complimentary hot breakfast, free high speed WiFi, an Indoor Heated Pool, Business Center, and Fitness Room. On top of our location and amenities, our hotel contains comfortable and spacious rooms featuring microwaves, refrigerators, coffee makers, and irons with ironing boards. For travelers of every kind, Columbus South offers level of value and comfort unmatched by any other hotels in Columbus, Ohio Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Columbus OSU Hotel
