Hotel in Vero Beach, Florida | Country Inn & Suites Vero Beach Hotel in Vero Beach, Florida | Country Inn & Suites Vero Beach ↓ Skip to Main Content Country Inn Vero Beach Menu Country Inn & Suites Vero Beach Hotel Discover our Comfortable Vero Beach Florida Hotel Near the pristine shores of Vero Beach, and convenient to I-95 on Highway 60, the Country Inn & Suites Vero Beach Hotel welcomes travelers to experience friendly service, an inviting environment and comfortable hotel rooms. Warm décor calls to mind the beauty of Florida and creates a personal getaway in each of our 65 cozy hotel rooms. Our guest rooms and suites feature amenities designed with your stay in mind, including complimentary high-speed wireless Internet access, flat panel TV, coffee maker, plush beds and wet bar with microwave and refrigerator. Every stay at our Vero Beach Hotel also includes: Free continental breakfast 24-hour fitness center access High-speed Internet access and Wi-Fi in public spaces Heated outdoor swimming pool Pet friendly accommodations Read It & Return lending library Whatever brings you to the area, you’ll find the comfort and relaxation you need at the Country Inn & Suites Vero Beach Hotel. Discover nearby championship golf courses, shopping destinations, fishing spots, and beautiful beaches. The Historic Dodgertown Sports & Conference Center is also just moments away. Planning a meeting or event in Vero Beach? Our well-appointed meeting spaces can accommodate up to 20 guests, making it a perfect choice for intimate gatherings, small business meetings and social events. Groups can also reserve blocks of meeting space and take advantage of our meeting equipment and amenities, including breakfast/snacks, coffee and water service, dry erase board, DVD player, pull-down screen, TV and VCR. Be sure to check for our special packages and rates. The next time you plan a trip to Vero Beach, Florida, consider staying at the Country Inn & Suites Vero Beach Hotel. Offering exceptional comforts, friendly staff and thoughtful amenities, this Vero Beach hotel is the perfect choice for work, leisure and family travel. Current Rates and Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Country Inn Vero Beach
