Country Inn and Suites Miami - Country Inn and Suites Miami - ↓ Skip to Main Content Country Inn and Suites Miami Menu Welcome to Country Inn & Suites By Carlson Miami (Kendall), FL Stay Close to the Airport and Downtown Miami at this Hotel At the Country Inn & Suites Miami (Kendall), you'll have the best of both worlds—you'll be situated in upscale suburban peace and quiet just minutes from the Miami International Airport and Miami's exciting, bustling downtown. The extensive Palms at Town and Country shopping center is adjacent to the hotel, so you'll be able to shop without even getting in the car. Every morning, you'll dig in to a complimentary hot breakfast in the hotel's dining room. You'll also enjoy a Fitness Center and Business Center, free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel and an outdoor pool and patio perfect for sunbathing. Book one of this hotel's spacious, modern rooms or suites and come relax on the sunny sands of Miami near this hotel. Whether you’re in Miami on a business trip or a vacation, the Country Inn & Suites provides gracious services like a fitness center and free high-speed Internet access to make your stay more comfortable. Families love the outdoor swimming pool, and business travelers appreciate the 24-hour business center with fax and copy services. The hotel also features a Read It & Return Lending Library, a forgotten items service and complimentary chocolate chip cookies and coffee in the lobby around-the-clock. Guests will also be treated to the complimentary, hot Be Our Guest Breakfast buffet each morning during their stay in Miami. The hotel offers a delicious spread with items like waffles, eggs, sausage, cereal, muffins, fresh fruit, bagels and a variety of hot and cold breakfast beverages. When you’re in the mood for lunch or dinner, try one of several excellent local restaurants like Kendall Miller’s Ale house or Casavana. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Country Inn and Suites Miami
