Fort Lauderdale Hotels - Crowne Plaza Hotel Fort Lauderdale Airport-Cruise Port ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Accommodations Dining Specials Business Travel Events Meetings Weddings Convention Center Location Contact Reservations Menu Crowne Plaza Fort Lauderdale The Stylish and Convenient Choice in Fort Lauderdale Hotels Discover Crowne Plaza Fort Lauderdale Hotel Airport/Cruise and experience the modern traveler’s choice for Fort Lauderdale hotels at the airport. Fort Lauderdale business travelers, cruisers and vacationers have made us a top choice since 2012 for our exemplary convenience, trusted name and amazingly friend team. Guests Thrive at our Fort Lauderdale Airport Hotel Guests appreciate Crowne Plaza Fort Lauderdale Airport Hotel for our boutique-style accommodations coupled with the Crowne Plaza name you can count on. You’ll love our vibrant décor – inspired by the distinctive flavor of Miami – as well as our dazzling 5th floor pool and lounge, super-convenient 24-hour business center and on-site Kiki’s Restaurant and Bar. Whether traveling for work or play, you’ll find absolutely everything you need and more at the choice in Fort Lauderdale hotels. Guests traveling to and from Fort Lauderdale appreciate our smart, easy to find location less than one mile from Fort Lauderdale Airport and directly across from the Port Everglades Cruise Port. Added value amenities such as free airport shuttle service, affordable cruise shuttle service and thoughtful on-site car rental are the perfect finishing touch. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Crown Plaza Ft Lauderdale Airport
