Downtown Memphis Hotels & Accommodations in Downtown Memphis Tennessee - Crowne Plaza Memphis Downtown Memphis Hotels & Accommodations in Downtown Memphis Tennessee - Crowne Plaza Memphis ↓ Skip to Main Content CP Memphis Hotel Menu Welcome to the Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel The Premiere Choice For Memphis Hotels Welcome to the Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel - The Leading Choice for Outstanding Memphis, Tennessee Lodging. As a guest of our first-class Memphis hotel, you'll find yourself in the middle of everything Memphis. What better place to be! We’re just blocks from the world-famous Beale Street entertainment district and we’re conveniently located to downtown and many area attractions and businesses. Going to Graceland? You’ve come to the right place. Our distinguished Memphis Tennessee hotel provides travelers the perfect setting for getting around anywhere in Memphis. The Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel is: Located in the heart of downtown Memphis Across the street from the Memphis Trolley Line Walking distance from Beale Street Entertainment District Convenient to all of the major Memphis attractions 15 miles from Memphis International Airport (MEM) Exceptional Features At Our Memphis Hotel… Discover a whole new level of personalized service at the Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel, the premier choice for business and leisure travelers. Your stay here begins with extraordinarily comfortable accommodations that can be found in all 230 of our guest rooms. Each room is designed specifically with your comfort and convenience in mind, with extremely relaxing beds, luxurious bathroom amenities, shower massagers to help you unwind, cable TV, Movies on Demand, in-room coffee makers, full-size ironing boards, in-room dining and so much more. After check-in, guests can wander into one of our Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel restaurants, for a quick snack, business lunch, or a romantic dinner. As our hotel guest, you can select from one of the following onsite Memphis restaurant options: Garden Café - our signature Memphis restaurant, offering a full breakfast bar and classic American favorites for lunch and dinner Lobby Lounge - a casual alternative to the typical Memphis dining scene with a selection of light fare and cocktails Room Service - for in-room dining at your own pace from the comfort and privacy of your room Or you can opt to dine at one of the classic Memphis restaurants within minutes of the hotel, including the Elvis Presley Memphis, BB King Club, and Hard Rock Café - just to name a few. If you’re here for business, work in style at an oversized desk, keeping in close personal touch with modern conveniences including private voicemail and high-speed internet access. In addition to in-room amenities, business travelers can look forward to a host of hotel amenities designed to maximize the business experience, such as 24-hour faxing and copying, full-service business center, Enterprise car rental desk, express check-in and check-out, library, wake-up calls, onsite fitness center, wireless connectivity in public areas and meeting spaces, and meeting management services for business events. In fact, at the Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel, we specialize in making business events and social events, successful events – from start to finish. So whether you're conducting a business seminar or getting married, our state-of-the-art facilities will ensure that next Memphis Tennessee event is not only successful but memorable. You can rely on our professional event staff to deliver unmatched value, service and quality. Distinctive services and amenities on hand to enhance your conference or special event include 5,000 square feet of event space, delectable catering services, meeting services managers to help you plan, and state-of-the-art audiovisual support. Other distinctive features of the Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel include: Outdoor pool On-site fitness facility Business center Laundry / valet Breakfast buffet Hotel parking ADA features Treat yourself to an elite brand of personalized service at the leading choice of Memphis Tennessee hotels. You'll enjoy the spacious guest rooms and personalized service that come standard at the Crowne Plaza Memphis Hotel. Book your reservations online today for our guaranteed lowest available Internet rates. Current Rates and Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 CP Memphis Hotel
