Rockville Hotels: CROWNE PLAZA HOTEL ROCKVILLE WASHINGTON DC Rockville Maryland ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Amenities Things To Do Dining Health Club Meetings Social Celebrations Testimonials Directions Contact Reservations Home Crowne Plaza Hotel Rockville Washington DC 3 Research Court Rockville, Maryland 20850 If youre looking for an affordable, upscale hotel in Rockville, MD, stay at the Crowne Plaza Washington, D.C - Rockville, MD. Our 100% smoke free hotel is conveniently located on I-270 and is just a short drive from Washington D.C. Business travelers will appreciate our close proximity to businesses including DHHS, Shady Grove Adventist Hospital, Johns Hopkins University, University of Maryland, Lockheed Martin and IBM. Leisure guests will find our Rockville accommodations offer quick access to the White House, Sugar Loaf Mountain Winery, The Strathmore Music Center and both The Lakeforest and Montgomery Malls. The Crowne Plaza Washington, D.C - Rockville, MD is "The Place to Meet." Our premium Rockville hotel facilities include over 13,000 square feet of flexible meeting space. Our spacious meeting rooms are perfect for conferences as well as special occasions or social events. Guests can choose from the Remington Ballroom, the lovely Terrace, or one of our six breakout meeting rooms. This upscale Rockville hotel provides the best in hospitality and amenities. You can enjoy a health club with a yoga studio, free high-speed Internet access, and fine dining in our restaurant or in the comfort of your own room with our room service option. For the very best in Washington, D.C. accommodations, choose the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rockville, MD. Explore our website or call us for great Rockville hotel deals. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 CP Rockville
