Crowne Plaza Charleston SC Airport Hotels | Government Hotel Crowne Plaza Charleston SC Airport Hotels | Government Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Crowne Plaza Charleston Hotel Menu Crowne Plaza Charleston, SC Airport Convention Center Hotel Experience genuine Southern Hospitality at the Crowne Plaza Charleston Airport Convention Center Hotel, North Charleston’s only prestigious Four Diamond Boutique Hotel! From the moment you enter our beautiful lobby, you’ll experience our award-winning hospitality, exceptional service and a wealth of amenities. The Crowne Plaza Hotel in North Charleston is ideally located just minutes from the Charleston International Airport (CHS), Boeing, and adjacent to the Convention Center and Performing Arts Center. Our upscale hotel will put you within easy access to all that North Charleston has to offer! Enjoy shopping at the adjacent Tanger Outlet Mall, a game at area sports venues or visit historic downtown Charleston just 10 minutes away. The Crowne Plaza Hotel is convenient to I-26 and I-526, making it easy to take in the lush landscape of the Charleston Plantations, soak up some sun at one of South Carolinas finest beaches and enjoy your Charleston family vacation. Whether putting for par on the many world class Charleston golf courses, or attending the unique Charleston festivals, unforgettable experiences await every guest. The Crowne Plaza Charleston welcomes you to experience the ambiance of our upscale, modern lobby bar and lounge, offering comfortable conversation areas and a 52″ HD TV. Crowne Plaza is recognized as “The Place to Meet”, providing a better meetings experience for both meeting planners and attendees. With over 5,000′ of meeting space and a dedicated Crowne Meetings Director, planning your next meeting is a breeze! With the Southern hospitality from our staff and thoughtful attention to detail, the Crowne Plaza Charleston offers all the extras to make your stay pleasurable from the moment you check in until the day you check out. Guest Conveniences at the Crowne Plaza Charleston Hotel Oversized luxurious rooms Complimentary Wi-Fi in guestrooms and lobby 24-hour business center Complimentary airport & area shuttle service (5 mile radius) Onsite restaurant and bar w/room service 6,000 sq ft of meeting space Onsite fitness center Outdoor pool Complimentary parking onsite Concierge and bellman service IHG® Rewards Club Make your reservations today, and best of all – IHG® Rewards Club members are eligible to earn Bonus Points with each stay! The Charleston Crowne Plaza is proud to be a part of the InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG). This website is exclusively designed for the Crowne Plaza Charleston Airport Convention Center Hotel in South Carolina, operated by Interstate Hotels & Resorts. Check Availability Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Crowne Plaza Charleston Hotel
