Days Inn Zion - ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Services and Features Location Golf Courses Hurricane Utah Zion National Park Contact Reservations Home Welcome to Days Inn in Hurricane, Utah near Zion National Park Hotel Near Coral Pink Sand Dunes, Duail Creek & Sand Hollow State Park Hotel Near Coral Pink Sand Dunes, Duail Creek & Sand Hollow State Park Zion National Park is right away 20 miles from the Days Inn in Hurricane, Utah. We are at the Days Inn Hotel in Utah is well-known about the Hurricane area to look further to seeing you and we provide a most pleasant furnish to you throughout your live. Whether traveling to Hurricane, Utah for business or glee, the Days Inn Hurricane delivers the best in service and friendly place to stay as you experience the scenic wonders so as to make up southern Utah and northern Arizona. Make sure Days Inn in Hurricane the best online Hotels Reservations as you explore Zion National Park, or take a day trip to Bryce Canyon, Lake Powell or Grand Canyon National Park. Visit into the world of your imagination and discover Grafton or Silver Reef Ghost towns or nearby St. George, Utah, which dares to be courageous and special in gathering the needs of today's clientele. Days Inn Hurricane, Utah is situated much close to the vibrant malls and shopping areas. This superb location makes Days Inn in Hurricane the preferred hotel for both business travelers and holiday’s makers. Further area attractions include Sand Hollow and Quail Creek Reservoirs. Golf enthusiasts will enjoy the many golf courses in the surrounding area - Sky Mountain Golf Course and in a few minutes further to the west is Coral Canyon Golf Course. There are eight other outstanding courses in the St. George / Hurricane area and if golf is your game in that case you’ve come to the correct place. Win a guided ATV Tour on the Hurricane Sand Dunes. Days Inn in Hurricane is the world-class hotel with luxurious comfort and cozy feel fully furnished rooms to accommodate to your all ease. With uses of innate and soil tones, and various lumber finishes in the rooms' decor create a miscellaneous ambiance of warm calmness. No matter what your motive for go to see the Zion National Park, Hurricane or St. George area, we invite you to wait at the Hurricane Days Inn Utah. Come see how we can touch your heart. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Days Inn Zion
