Welcome to Days Inn Des Moines-West Clive! ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Local Attractions Nearby Restaurants Weather Contact Reservations Home Welcome to the Days Inn Des Moines-West Clive, Iowa 1600 NW 114th Street, Clive, IA 50325 Welcome to the Days Inn Des Moines-West Clive, Iowa located within minutes of Des Moines, Iowa. We are located off I-80 at the University Avenue Exit. The Days Inn Des Moines - West Clive is ideally located in a West suburb of Des Moines and convenient to all area attractions. Current Rates and Availability >> Hotel Amenities The Days Inn Des Moines- West Clive offers all guests Free Wireless High Speed Internet, Complimentary Continental Breakfast featuring Belgium Cook-to-Order Waffles, Seasonal Outdoor Pool and Sun Deck, Business Center with Computer and Printer, Elevator, Meeting Room and Free Parking. Micro/Fridge available- Nominal fee would apply per day. Things to do The Days Inn Des Moines - West Clive is ideally located in a West suburb of Des Moines and convenient to all area attractions. The Clive Aquatic Center is 1/2 block from the hotel and tickets are available at the front desk. Additional attractions within 5 miles of the Days Inn Des Moines- West Clive include Blank Park Zoo, Capitol Gateway Ice Pavilion, Living History Sherman Theatre, Drake University, Downtown Des Moines, Wells Fargo Sports Arena, Civic Center of Greater Des Moines, Vets Memorial Auditorium, and State Capital. The Adventureland Amusement Park is located within 15 miles. Hotel Facilities The Days Inn Des Moines- West Clive offers all guests Free Wireless High Speed Internet, Complimentary Continental Breakfast featuring Belgium Cook-to-Order Waffles, Seasonal Outdoor Pool and Sun Deck, Business Center with Computer and Printer, Elevator, Meeting Room and Free Parking. Micro/Fridge available- Nominal fee would apply per day. Ask our guest service representatives about area restaurant discounts or call our sales department about group packages including restaurant discounts. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Days Inn West Des Moines
