Days Inn Carlsbad, New Mexico - 3910 National Park Hwy ↓ Skip to Main Content Days Inn Carlsbad Home Welcome to Days Inn Carlsbad 3910 National Parks Hwy Carlsbad, NM 88220 Located on National Parks Highway, Days Inn Carlsbad hotel near Cavern City Air Terminal, the Pecos River and Carlsbad Caverns is your home away from home in southern New Mexico. Get a warm welcome when you check in with our 24-hour front desk staff after parking your car, truck or RV in our free lot. Kick-start your day with free Daybreak continental breakfast with hot items, then use free high-speed Internet access to check the weather from your recently renovated hotel room. Prepare a snack for later using your in-room refrigerator and microwave. After a busy day of sightseeing, unwind in our heated indoor pool and Jacuzzi. Our pet-friendly Carlsbad, NM, hotel features a guest laundry and non-smoking and handicapped-accessible rooms are available. Carlsbad Caverns Carlsbad Caverns National Park is a United States National Park in the Guadalupe Mountains in southeastern New Mexico. The primary attraction of the park is the show cave, Carlsbad Cavern. Carlsbad Caverns National Park is open every day of the year except Christmas Day. Visitors to the cave can hike in on their own via the natural entrance or take an elevator from the visitor center. Living Desert Zoo & Gardens Living Desert Zoo and Gardens, formerly the Living Desert Museum, is a public desert botanical garden and a zoo located in Palm Desert, Riverside County, California, United States. They are in the Sonoran Desert of the Coachella Valley and Santa Rosa Mountains foothills near Palm Springs, California. Pecos River Walk The Riverwalk Recreation Center is one of Carlsbad's most inviting family recreational facilities. The facility is three (3) stories of Drug Free fun and exercise! LOCAL ATTRACTIONS Drive 20 miles from our Carlsbad, NM, hotel to explore the many different rooms, halls, tunnels and other natural structures at Carlsbad Caverns, with an enormous natural limestone cave chamber, The Big Room, as its central focus. Discover a desert oasis at Sitting Bull Falls Recreation Area, where a gorgeous 150-foot waterfall cascades down canyon walls, surrounded by 16 miles of land with trails for hiking, biking and horseback riding. Continue to commune with nature at Living Desert Zoo and Gardens State Park, an indoor / outdoor living museum featuring native animal species and plants from around the world. DINING OPTIONS Relax as you sip espresso and nibble a scone at Blue House Bakery & Cafe, featuring freshly baked goods and a garden patio. Dig into the delicious dishes at Lucy’s Mexicali Restaurant, serving a mix of traditional and American-style fare, as you enjoy an award-winning margarita made with Lucy’s secret ingredient. If you like your meat pit-smoked, stop into Red Chimney Pit Bar-B-Q, only four miles from our Carlsbad, New Mexico, hotel. TRANSPORTATION SERVICES Our Carlsbad, NM, hotel provides shuttle service to and from Cavern City Air Terminal. Book Now >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Days Inn Carlsbad
