Dayton Grand Downtown Dayton Ohio Hotels Motels * Dayton Grand Downtown Ohio Dayton Oh * Dayton Grand Downtown Ohio Dayton Hotels Motels and Lodging * Dayton Grand Downtown Ohio Dayton accommodations * Dayton Grand Downtown Dayton Budget Ohio Dayton Hotel Dayton Grand Downtown Dayton Ohio Hotels Motels * Dayton Grand Downtown Ohio Dayton Oh * Dayton Grand Downtown Ohio Dayton Hotels Motels and Lodging * Dayton Grand Downtown Ohio Dayton accommodations * Dayton Grand Downtown Dayton Budget Ohio Dayton Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Dayton Grand Hotel Menu Welcome to Dayton Grand Downtown Dayton, OH The Dayton Grand Hotel in Downtown Dayton, a full service historic hotel restored to its grand presence, is just one block from the Schuster Performing Arts Center and minutes away from Dayton's finest recreational and entertainment areas. Walk or take a quick taxi ride to the Dayton Convention Center, City Hall, Fifth Third Field, The Victoria Theater or the Oregon Historical District. Dayton International Airport is 20 minutes by car. The Dayton Grand hotel is located near several major downtown corporations like NCR, MeadWestvaco, Relizon, and Reynolds & Reynolds. Our warm, inviting hotel features guest rooms, suites and concierge level executive accommodations that boast all the comforts of home and a long list of amenities like high-speed internet access. For your convenience, wireless HSIA is also available in all hotel public areas. Our guests enjoy the use of a heated, indoor roof top pool with a whirlpool and sauna, a fitness center, and a full service lounge. The Polo Grille serves American bistro-style cuisine for breakfast daily in relaxed, upscale surroundings. Business travelers will appreciate our complimentary business center and 6,000 square feet of flexible meeting space with full meeting and business support services. Our Daytonian Ballroom provides banquet facilities for up to 300 people. With easy access to I-75, US-35, and all major thoroughfares, our centrally located downtown hotel is convenient to all Dayton attractions and destinations, like the United States Air Force Museum and IMAX Theater, the American Packard Museum, Riverscape, Carillon Historical Park, the Nutter Center, SunWatch Indian Village, and Wright Patterson Air Force Base. Our caring and courteous staff looks forward to welcoming you to the Dayton Grand in downtown Dayton with our special, signature warm chocolate chip cookie at check-in. Historic 3 Star Full Service Hotel Free High Speed Internet One Block from Schuster Performing Arts Center Rooftop Heated Pool, Spa, and Sauna Crickets Full Service Lounge Pollo Grille American Bistro Boardroom Business Center 6,000 square feet of meeting Space Weddings and Banquets for up to 300 people Well appointed rooms with Cable TV Suites are also available No Pets Allowed Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Dayton Grand Hotel
