Hotel - Deluxe Inn and Suites Moss Point, Moss Point - MS, 39563 Hotel - Deluxe Inn and Suites Moss Point, Moss Point - MS, 39563 ↓ Skip to Main Content Deluxe Inn Mosspoint Menu Welcome to Deluxe Inn and Suites Moss Point Located off Interstate 10, this Mississippi hotel is 1 mile from Trent Lott International Airport. Guests will enjoy a daily continental breakfast, free property-wide Wi-Fi, and seasonal outdoor pool throughout their stay. A microwave, small refrigerator, and coffee-making facilities are included in all guest rooms. Deluxe Inn and Suites Moss Point also provides a cable television. Suites feature a seating area with a sofa as well. Guest Amenities 24 Hour Front Desk Outdoor Swimming Pool Photocopy and Fax Service Free High Speed Internet Service Free Parking Free Local Calls Pets Welcome (Nominal Fee) Free Continental Breakfast Nearby McCoy's River and Marsh Tours - 4 minutes Adventure Charters and Dive - 6 minutes River Front Community Center - 7 minutes Art with Heart - 7 minutes Gulf Coast Gator Ranch & Airboat Swamp Tours - 12 minutes Hickory Hill Country Club - 14 minutes Grand Bay National Wildlife Refuge - 15 minutes Moss Point Deluxe Inn and Suites guests will be greeted by a 24-hour reception. Fax and photocopying facilities are available, and free on-site parking is provided. Guests can go on airboat adventures, walking tours, and hand-feed alligators 9 miles away at Gulf Coast Gator Ranch and Airboat Tours. Mississippi National Golf Course is 11 miles from the hotel. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Deluxe Inn Mosspoint
