Diamond Inn Motel Diamond Inn Motel ↓ Skip to Main Content Diamond Inn Menu The Diamond Inn Motel Part of Las Vegas' History SLICE OF THE PAST EXPLORE THE GOOD OLD DAYS OF VEGAS The Diamond Inn Motel - Part of Las Vegas' History Built in 1940 the Diamond Inn Motel (then it was called the Desert Isle Motel), is one of the oldest buildings still standing on the strip, which several decades ago the strip was called Arrowhead Highway/Highway 91. The first hotel/casino built on the strip was called the El Rancho Vegas Hotel & Casino built in 1941. Later in the '40's and 50’s, dozens of motels were built next door, the Mirage, Lone Palm, Desert Rose and many others that were the high points of Old Vegas with their glittering neon signs. The Diamond Inn is still standing proud and operating with a profit after all these years, along with its colorful history (especially the landmark, iconic Pink Elephant)! The Diamond Inn is conveniently located directly on the famous Las Vegas Strip. Get what you need with handy conveniences like 24-hour front desk service and before you go out, make sure to ask for some discount coupons or browse the web with free Wi-Fi. We also have big suites suitable for families. These large family rooms are equipted with with microwaves, refrigators and other convenient utilities. The Pink Elephant The pink elephant came from Disney World, probably in the 50’s. He used to trumpet loudly, but the noise caused some accidents. Because of that, the county made the owner take the sound mechanism out. The pink elephant is like the Diamond Inn’s mascot; thousands of tourists have stopped just to take pictures next to it, just like they do in front of the famous Welcome to Las Vegas sign.   Current Rates and Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Diamond Inn
