Drifters Reef Motel Carolina Beach NC Drifters Reef Motel Carolina Beach NC ↓ Skip to Main Content Drifters Reef Motel Menu Welcome to Drifters Reef Motel Carolina Beach, NC Drifter's Reef Motel is centrally located in Carolina Beach just a few blocks from our beautiful sandy beaches, old fashion boardwalk with amusement rides, fabulous restaurants, shopping, and great fishing. At Drifter's Reef Motel, we offer comfortable nicely decorated motel rooms at affordable prices and a friendly staff that treats you like family. Drifters Reef Motel Motel Accommodations Our motel rooms consist of: - Single Rooms - Double Rooms - King Rooms - 2 Bedroom Fully equipped apartments Take A Carolina Beach Vacation The Drifters Reef Motel In Carolina Beach offers a fun filled family vacation spot and a clean uncrowded beach. The Carolina Beach boardwalk offers great restaurants, shopping, entertainment, and a family carnival with Thursday night fireworks and kids rides. The Carolina Beach Boardwalk and beach are all within a few short blocks and easy walking distance. Visitors love staying at the Drifters Reef Motel in Carolina Beach because it is convenient to everything that the beach has to offer, and there is so much to do. So, when you decide to come to Carolina Beach for vacation or some fishing, beach fun or just to breathe the fresh salt air, call the Drifters Reef Motel. Book your Carolina Beach Vacation at affordable prices! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Drifters Reef Motel
