Welcome to The Elizabeth Inn and Convention Center ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Corporate Events Lodging Contact Reservations Home The Elizabeth Inn and Convention Center 5246 Harding Avenue Plover, WI 54467 The Elizabeth Inn and Convention Center is located at the intersection of Highway I-39 and 54, 7 miles just north of Stevens Point. Mid-West Renewable Energy Association is less than half a mile, Portage Country Business Park is 2 miles, and the University of Wisconsin at Stevens Point is 9 miles from the Elizabeth Inn. This hotel is located on the Portage Country snowmobile trail, and within minutes of cross country ski trails. The Korean War Veterans Memorial, shopping, and dining options are all close to the Elizabeth Inn and Convention Center. Make a Reservation Lodging Elizabeth Inn is one of best affordable hotels in Stevens Point, Wisconsin. For Plover hotels or hotels in Wausau/Wisconsin Rapids, it's an ideal choice. We offer 80 non smoking rooms for our hotel guests. It is a popular choice for lodging near Wisconsin’s vacation spots or weekend getaways. The affordable Elizabeth Inn offers a variety of guest rooms and extended Stevens Point area lodging rentals. All hotel room guests also receive a free complementary breakfast. Wedding Receptions We offer wedding halls, a lounge, rehearsal dinners, reception dinners, guest lodging, free parking for large vehicles, outdoor dining and various food choices from our own King Lions Pub. As you will see by the enclosed brochure, The Elizabeth Inn & Convention Center is one of Central Wisconsin’s premier facilities for wedding receptions. If you have a wedding to plan in the Stevens Point, Plover, Wausau and Wisconsin Rapids area, call Elizabeth Inn. Corporate Events For all your events in the Stevens Point, Plover, Wausau and Wisconsin Rapids area, our 4,000 sq ft Convention Center is an ideal venue. With a capacity for events of up to 400 people, the Convention Center features a cocktail bar for all after work events, as well as audio/visual equipment upon request. Additional conference rooms are also available. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Elizabeth Inn
