Engagement Ring Calculator Engagement Ring Calculator ↓ Skip to Main Content Welcome to the Engagement Ring Calculator How much should you invest in a ring for your sweetheart? Diamond companies have worked hard to influence our cultural norms, which now suggest that you spend 3 months salary on a ring. Does that seem like a lot? With the calculator, you will be able to appraise your individual situation and possibly start your ring-buying journey on the right foot. Avoid being manipulated into spending too much, and inject some rational into what could be the most speculative of all investments. So you are thinking about buying an engagement ring? This is one of the most exciting times in a women's life, so don't screw this up. It can be a daunting task from a man's perspective: How much to spend? How big of a diamond? Gold or Platinum? We have created this calculator with you in mind to help you through your engagement ring purchase.   Find Out What You Should Spend . Affordable and inexpensive Diamond engagement ring All about center stone for your Diamond engagement ring All you need to know to get a Diamond engagement ring Best bargain for your Diamond engagement ring Diamond engagement ring: how to get the perfect one Diamond engagement ring: ready made or customized Diamond engagement ring: Some guidelines to lead you right way Diamond engagement ring: things you must consider to get the best of it Diamond Engagement Ring; get the best one out Finding her taste is a must before selecting Get a Diamond engagement ring of her choice How to get a Diamond engagement ring Key things to consider while getting a Diamond engagement ring Know about four golden C’s of Diamond before getting Diamond engagement ring Shop the best Diamond engagement ring for her Some popular Diamond Engagement Ring Useful guidelines for you to shop perfect Diamond engagement ring Useful tips to buy perfect Diamond Engagement Ring What kind of ring does she prefer Privacy Policy Contact Us Disclaimer: This Engagement Ring Calculator was designed for entertainment purposes only. Please just have fun with it - don't take this as serious purchase advice! © 2017 Engagement Ring Calculator
