Falmouth Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Amenities Directions Links Contact Reservations Home Welcome to Falmouth Inn 209 U.S. Route 1 in Falmouth, Maine The Falmouth Inn is a well maintained 33-room motel built in the coastal village of Falmouth, Maine. Breakfast coupons are provided for our nightly guests with a choice of take-out at Waldos General Store or a full breakfast at a nearby café. The Falmouth Inn offers a choice of suites equipped with a kitchen or basic rooms. All rooms are equipped with air conditioners. Here you'll find the perfect combination of comfort and convenience to afford you a fun-filled and care-free visit. Reached via I-95, I-295 and U.S. Route 1, Falmouth is located just north of Portland. Falmouth has a population of approximately 11,000 people, and covers approximately 32 square miles from the coastline to its rural area further inland. Attractions in Falmouth include the local harbor and town landing, indoor and outdoor ice skating facilities, many parks and recreational facilities, 3 golf courses, and a medical center and cinemas, retail stores and restaurants line Route 1. Lovely estates and the Portland Yacht Club line scenic ocean Route 88. Falmouth was first settled in the 1600's and received its first recognition as a Town in 1658. Falmouth was named in honor of a small village at the mouth of the Fal River in Cornwall, England, from which some of the earliest settlers came. In 1718 the Town was incorporated under the laws of the State of Massachusetts. Before 1786 Portland was a suburb of Falmouth, but the reverse is now true. In 1786 it was recognized as the 46th Town as part of the newly established State of Maine. Conveniently located between Freeport and Portland youll be able to shop L.L Bean and the outlet shops of Freeport or go tour the cobblestone streets of the Old Port in Portland. Both Freeport and Portland are each only 10 minute drives from the Falmouth Inn. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Falmouth Inn
