Gables Inn Block Island ↓ Skip to Main Content Gables Inn Home Rooms Information Location Contact Reservations Menu A Victorian Inn on the edge of town A visit to Block Island is a step back in time, to a slower pace where you can easily refresh and unwind The Gables Inn is only a two minute walk from the beach. We are located at the edge of the village, near restaurants, shops, bike rentals, churches, and the town movie theater. The Gables, built around 1860, has been carefully renovated and furnished to retain a Victorian charm and decor. Ornate tin ceilings, lace curtains, and old fashioned flowered wallpaper enhance the antiques found throughout the inn. After spending a day at the beach, or biking around the island you can return and relax in one of our three parlors or sit in one of the many rocking chairs on our shaded veranda.    Awaken each morning to the aroma of a complimentary light continental breakfast which includes pastries, fresh fruit, juice, and coffee. There are grilles and picnic tables located on the grassy grounds of the Gables. We hope that you will join our many guests who return every year for a vacation of care free relaxation. Come and enjoy the peace, the beaches, nature preserves, and historical treasures of Block Island while staying in the relaxed Victorian accommodations of the Gables Inn. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Gables Inn
