Indianapolis Hotels: THE GATEHOUSE SUITES INDIANAPOLIS HOTEL Indianapolis Indiana Indianapolis Hotels: THE GATEHOUSE SUITES INDIANAPOLIS HOTEL Indianapolis Indiana ↓ Skip to Main Content Gate House Suites Indianapolis Menu The Gatehouse Suites Indianapolis Hotel The premier choice for Indianapolis Indiana hotel reservations is The Gatehouse Suites Indianapolis Hotel. Welcome to the Crossroads of America!  Indianapolis is in the heartland of our nation with over 65% of this nation’s population living within 700 miles of this city.  Indianapolis is proud if its heritage and proud to be Indiana’s capital city!  The Gatehouse Suites Indianapolis lies just off Interstate 465 on Founder’s Road. Founder’s Road is just off of Michigan Road which leads to downtown. More than just a race city, if you’ve turned your back on Indianapolis in the past 10 years, you’re in for a shock, and a treat.  Indianapolis is a thriving metropolitan area with a rich cultural patchwork.  The city boasts six different cultural ‘districts’, facilitating a rewarding cultural mélange.  Each district has its own distinct flavor from vintage shops and laid back cafés, to trendy, urban entertainment attractions.  Excellent restaurants and shopping abound in all districts, delighting across the board. Indianapolis is a business-friendly city.  With a diverse economic environment, its no wonder Indy was the only large city tracked by Chicago’s Fed to have the only growth in employment between 2000 and 2005.  There are many companies that choose Indianapolis as a home base, such as Rolls Royce, Republic Airways, Medco, Interactive Intelligence and Beckman Coulter. The Gatehouse Suites Indianapolis is your home away from home when traveling through the Circle City.  All our spacious rooms come with an all suite design incorporating separate living, eating, working, and sleeping areas.  Each suite has a fully equipped kitchen and complimentary high-speed Internet access. Guests will enjoy the complimentary hot breakfast daily and the complimentary weekday social hour Monday through Wednesday from 5:30pm to 7:00pm. The Gatehouse Suites Indianapolis offers several recreational activities to help you stay in balance.  We have an all-purpose Recreation Court for basketball, tennis and volleyball games plus an outdoor pool with whirlpool spa.  We also offer complimentary memberships to Gold's Gym upon request. Come experience our famous Hoosier Hospitality and thrive during your extended stay at The Gatehouse Suites Indianapolis. Gatehouse Suites Indianapolis Hotel offers: Complimentary hot breakfast daily Access to off-site Fitness Center Coffee and Tea Makers Hairdryer Iron and Ironing Board Complimentary High-speed Internet Access Complimentary Weekday Social Hour Monday through Wednesday Full complement of cooking utensils, flatware, and dishware Fully Equipped Kitchens On-site Laundry Facilities Outdoor Heated Pool and Spa Premium TV channels and remote-controlled Television Sofa Beds Onsite 24hr gift shop for snacks, drinks and things you might need on the road Thick Towels and Quality Toiletries Current Rates and Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Gate House Suites Indianapolis
