Grand Motor Inn Deming New Mexico ↓ Skip to Main Content Grand Hotel Home Guest Rooms Local Attractions Banquet Hall Dining Location Contact Reservations Menu Welcome to Deming, New Mexico's Premier Hotel 1721 East Pine Street, Deming, NM 88030 The Grand Motor Inn, Hotel & Restaurant is located in Deming, New Mexico. The Grand Hotel is a full service hotel offering comfortable accommodations, fine dining and a large swimming pool all for affordable pricing. It has a charming 50's & 60's contemporary Hollywood ambience, along with beautifully decorated rooms that make you feel like you've never left the comfort of your own home. Our staff is here 24 hours a day to assist you with your needs, so please don’t hesitate to ask. Our hotel offers you the best nights sleep. All of our beds use Serta Perfect mattresses and comfortable plush pillows. Also, we have recently renovated the entire hotel, while not losing that special charm that makes us The Grand Motor Inn. Every room features a Microwave, Refrigerator, Flat Screen cable TV, Free HBO, Radio alarm-clock and Hair dryer to add to the comfort and convenience of your stay. Additionally, we offer all our guests Free wireless high-speed internet access all around the hotel premises, Free Parking and complementary fresh coffee in the lobby! Other amenities include laundry facilities and a full service banquet hall. Give us a call and let us host your next big event or business meeting. Grand Hotel is conveniently located within a seven minute walk from local grocery and convenient stores such as a Super Wal-Mart or K-Mart. Directly behind the hotel is the Voiers Pit Park, it features a huge modern amphitheater and a mile-long exercise trail available to anyone, regardless of age. Also, within a five minute walk is Starmax, a brand new family entertainment center offering the community a 6 screen movie theater, 16 lane bowling alley, large arcade and a Mini Golf Course. If you’re looking to spend some time outdoors, then the Rio Mimbres Country Club featuring a 18 hole golf course (open to the public) is a short 8 minute walk from the hotel. Located directly across the street from the Grand Hotel is the recently built Western New Mexico, University. A little about Deming, New Mexico Deming is the county seat of Luna County and was founded in November, 1881. Deming is the home of the Clean Water and Fast Ducks, where the annual Duck Races are hosted. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Grand Hotel
