Great Value Inn Live Oak TX ↓ Skip to Main Content Great Value Inn Menu Welcome to The Great Value Inn Live Oak, TX Welcome to Great Value Inn. We are here to welcome you and make your stay comfortable, refreshing and good, whatever be your reason for visit. We offer a much better value for the money to our customers. You will enjoy the great products and services we offer at such great rates. Live Oak has evolved from a rich farming and ranching tradition to developments of peaceful residential neighborhoods, multiple shopping centers, a major hospital and medical complexes, college campuses, and financial resources. The Northeast Gateway to San Antonio, where I-35 intersects with outer Loop 1604. 5 minutes to Randolph Air Force Base 15 minutes to San Antonio International Airport 20 minutes to downtown San Antonio Civic Center with 30,000 square feet of floor space for trade shows, plus free parking NE Lakeview College NE Methodist Hospital The Forum shopping center with over 120 stores and restaurants The Village Oaks Shopping Center Gateway Plaza Shopping Center Parks including a scenic lake, playscapes, walking trails, and a disc golf course The Great Value Inn is a budget hotel located in the city of LIVE OAK, Texas, and it has 2 floors. The nearest airport is San Antonio Intl. Airport (Airport Code: SAT), a distance of about 7.0 miles from the hotel. This hotel has a total of 25 guest rooms. Hotel Room Features Include: Hair Dryer, Microwave, Non-Smoking Rooms, Cable / Satellite TV, Refrigerator, Kitchenette, Family Room, Modem / Data Port, Broadband Internet, Disabled Accessible Rooms, TV, Wake Up Service and Desk Hotel Amenities Include: 24 Hour Reception, Parking, Vending Machines, Disabled Access and Free Parking Business Features Include: Fax, Photocopier and High-speed Internet Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Great Value Inn
