Hotels In Addison Texas | Hilton Garden Inn Addison TX Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Guest Rooms Amenities Dining Local Area Directions Contact Reservations Home Hilton Garden Inn Addison TX Hotel 4090 Belt Line Rd Addison, TX 75001 Welcome to the Hilton Garden Inn Addison hotel, a popular North Dallas area hotel catering to business and leisure travelers. Located just 2 miles from Addison Airport, 20 miles from DFW airport and 12 miles from corporate offices including Mary Kay and Pizza Hut, the Hilton Garden Inn Addison hotel is your hotel of choice when you want deluxe accommodations and special amenities for an overnight or extended stay. The Hilton Garden Inn Addison Hotel is located near several business parks, corporate centers, dining venues and cultural sites including the Galleria Mall. When you stay with us, you'll have easy access to Addison Restaurants and Dining venues, Forest Park Medical Center the Red River Shootout and Addison Night Life destinations. We cater to many Addison Businesses and Employers who are hosting special events and conferences in the area. The Hilton Garden Inn Addison Hotel is proud to offer our guests several deluxe amenities and services, and a choice of spacious guest rooms and suites recently refreshed with new carpeting and paint. Whether you're visiting Addison on business or for pleasure, you will enjoy several amenities and services including complimentary high-speed Internet access in every guest room, access to a complimentary fitness center and whirlpool, complimentary HBO, and an in-room hospitality center with microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker. Amenities Available at the Hilton Garden Inn Addison Hotel include: Complimentary High-Speed Internet Access 32-inch LCD HD Television with true Hi-Def Programming Two Telephones with Two Lines and Voicemail Oversized Workstation with Ergonomic Desk Chair Microwave Refrigerator Coffee Maker Neutrogena Bath Amenities Complimentary Remote Printing Evening Room Service Feather Pillows Daily Weekday Newspaper Delivery The Garden Sleep System and more! The Hilton Garden Inn hotel is a proud member of the Hilton family of hotels, so your stay with us will earn points towards the Hilton HHonors Guest Rewards Program. This website is designed exclusively for the Hilton Garden Inn Addison Hotel. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 HGI Addison TX
