Chicago O'Hare Airport Hotels - Holiday Inn Express Chicago O'Hare Airport ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Guest Rooms Services Business Traveler Dining Area Information Location Contact Reservations Menu Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Chicago O'Hare The Ideal Choice for Chicago O'Hare Airport Hotels... The Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites O'Hare Airport is located 5 minutes north of O'Hare International Airport with complimentary Shuttle service. Interstates I-90, I-294, I-190 & I-290 have exits leading to the airport. We are also only 25 minutes from downtown Chicago. The Holiday Inn Express & Suites Chicago O'Hare Airport Hotel is a new interior corridor hotel with 10,000 sq. ft. meeting space, conveniently located within walking distance to Allstate Arena and 2 miles from Donald E. Stephens Convention Center. Our Chicago O'Hare Airport Hotel has 274 guest rooms including 31 suites to accommodate all of your needs. Enjoy our spacious and deluxe guest rooms and suites that are equipped with granite vanities in our bathrooms, clock radio, pillowtop mattress, work desk with ergonomic chairs, 42" flat screen television with free movie channels, pay-per-view movies and Nintendo games. Micro/fridges in all suites and IHG Rewards Member floors. We invite you to visit our extensive 24 hour Fitness Center offering State of the Art Workout Equipment, our Indoor Lap Pool featuring a Kiddie Pool; open daily from 6am-11pm. Our MarketPlace is available for sundries, snacks and beverages 24 hours. Complimentary transportation to and from O'Hare Airport is available from 4am until 12:30 am 7 days a week. Our airport shuttle departs the hotel every half hour on the hour. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Holiday Inn Express
