Hotels In Sunrise FL | Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites Sawgrass MillsHotels In Sunrise FL | Holiday Inn Sunrise Sawgrass Mills FL Hotel Hotels In Sunrise FL | Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites Sawgrass MillsHotels In Sunrise FL | Holiday Inn Sunrise Sawgrass Mills FL Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content hihsunrise Welcome to the Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites Sawgrass Mills Hotel Centrally located between the three major South Florida airports At the Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Ft Lauderdale Sunrise hotel, guests experience exceptional service and amenities. Our staff focus on your real-world needs and deliver genuine service, no matter what you want – or don’t want – during your stay with us. As you arrive, you’ll notice our new sign, lighting and landscaping. Once you enter the lobby, you are greeted by a signautre scent and sounds from your favorite artists as well as our professional front desk staff who ensure you have an efficient and friendly check in. Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites Ft Lauderdale Sawgrass Mills Hotel Services and Amenities Recently refreshed guest rooms and suites with crisp, white triple-sheeting and pillows in your choice of firm or soft and enhanced bathrooms featuring an improved showerhead that delivers superior water pressure, as well as a signature shower curtain with curved rod and luxurious amenities Tramonto – Cucina & Trattoria serves breakfast, lunch and dinner (Kids 12 and under eat free!) Tramonto Lounge featuring Happy Hour every day with daily drink and appetizer specials! Complimentary shuttle service within 5-mile radius of hotel Free high-speed wireless Internet access throughout the hotel 24-Hour Business Center with computer and printer Fort Lauderdale Meeting Facilities – extensive meeting space ideal for corporate and social events Tropical Courtyard with outdoor pool, waterfalls and comfortable shaded seating open year round Expanded on-site fitness center Reservations and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 hihsunrise
