Welcome to the Hiltop Hotel-Motel in Fun and Sunny Bullhead City, Arizona Across the Colorado River from the Casinos of Laughlin Nevada Welcome to the Hiltop Hotel-Motel in Fun and Sunny Bullhead City, Arizona Across the Colorado River from the Casinos of Laughlin Nevada ↓ Skip to Main Content Hiltop Hotel-Motel Menu Welcome to Bullhead City and to the Hiltop Hotel-Motel 2037 Highway 95, Bullhead City, AZ 86442 Welcome to Bullhead City and to the Hiltop Hotel-Motel. For a vacation long or short, Bullhead City is the hub for the Colorado River Region and for enjoying many interesting activities in the Tri-State area. The Colorado River Valley is known for it's many activities and is often referred to as a summer vacation paradise. Just across the river and a short drive away is Laughlin Nevada and it's many Las Vegas caliber casinos. The Colorado River and nearby Lake Mohave Make Bullhead City a real hot-spot for water sports such as boating, skiing, personal watercraft and sport fishing year round. The Hiltop Hotel-Motel offers, clean, comfortable accommodations with an abundance of amenities at affordable rates. We are conveniently located on Highway 95 in the heart of the city, within walking distance of the beautiful Colorado River. The Management and staff here at the Hiltop Hotel-Motel are anxious to see to your hotel needs when visiting our area. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Hiltop Hotel-Motel
