Holiday Inn Express Tulsa (Central), Tulsa - OK, 74145 ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Nearby Directions Contact Reservations Menu Welcome to Holiday Inn Express Tulsa (Central) 3215 S 79th E Ave | Tulsa, OK 74145 Hotel's Tulsa, OK Locale Offers Something for Everyone If you're seeking excellent hotel accommodations in beautiful Tulsa, OK, look no further. The Holiday Inn Express® Tulsa (Central) hotel is conveniently situated off I-44, only eight miles from downtown. Guests lodging here are also near Tulsa Intl Airport (TUL), the University of Tulsa and Oral Roberts University. This hotel is ideal for business guests seeking hotels in the Tulsa, OK area. Guests can work efficiently with free high-speed, Wi-Fi access, and the 24-hour business center accommodates late-night work schedules. You won't have to stress over travel times, either, when lodging near Tulsa Intl Airport, the Tulsa Convention Center, Cherokee Industrial Park and major corporations. Patrons find plenty of fun attractions around the hotel. Get up close and personal with more than 2,800 animals at the Tulsa Zoo and Living Museum. You can attend one of many enthralling events at the Expo Square Pavilion and Tulsa State Fairgrounds or the Tulsa Convention Center. Stroll through gorgeous Woodward Park's Tulsa Rose Garden, as well, before taking in a concert at the Oklahoma Jazz Hall of Fame. After a busy day, this is the place to call home. You can relax in a sparkling outdoor heated pool open Memorial Day through Labor Day, relieve stress in the sauna, or an energizing workout in the fitness center. Book now to experience these wonderful hotel accommodations in Tulsa, OK. Check Rates Guest Amenities Free high Speed Wireless Internet Ice Machine Free Parking Free Local Calls On-site Guest Laundry Facilities Daily Housekeeping Outdoor Pool Fitness Center Off-Site Fax & Copy Service 24-Hour Business Center Nearby Woody Guthrie Center - 7 minutes Boston Avenue Methodist Church - 10 minutes River Parks - 10 minutes Linnaeus Teaching Gardens - 11 minutes Tulsa International Airport - 12 minutes University of Tulsa - 12 minutes Tulsa Convention Center - 12 minutes Tulsa Performing Arts Center - 12 minutes ONEOK Field - 12 minutes Philbrook Museum of Art - 13 minutes Tulsa Weather 91° clear sky humidity: 59% wind: 9mph S H 93 • L 82 86° Tue 77° Wed 78° Thu 78° Fri 72° Sat Weather from OpenWeatherMap Home Contact © 2017 Holiday Inn Central Tulsa
