Holiday Inn Orlando Idrive | Hotel near universal studios, seaWorld Holiday Inn Orlando Idrive | Hotel near universal studios, seaWorld ↓ Skip to Main Content Holiday Inn Orlando Menu Holiday Inn Express Hotel International Drive Orlando – Florida Holiday Inn Orlando Florida should be your first choice for a fun filled vacation in Florida. Rest assured no other brand of hotel can put you this close to all the action. Not to forget all kids stay and eat for free at all our Orlando hotels. You can be more for more than just that as all major attractions and theme parks including universal studios and sea world are just round the corner. If theme parks is not what you are looking at don’t give Orlando a miss altogether as THE CITY BEAUTIFUL offers sunny weather and a laid back ambience all around the year, making HOLIDAY INN HOTELS an ideal destination for a weekend getaway. Enjoy golfing around on Orlando pristine greens or spend a day on water choose from over the 100 lakes the city has. Shopping on Park Avenue, antiques along downtown’s north Orange Avenue and the discounted premium shopping outlets. Orlando isn’t about spending time and money on just theme parks. Holiday Inn Express Hotel International Drive Stay at our new holiday inn express international drive and experience a vacation like never before. Feel at home with our welcoming and spacious facilities. Our hotels location puts you right at the centre of all the Orlando action. Enjoy a free ride to the universal studios in our free shuttle service. You no longer have to sacrifice quality amenities at holiday inn express on international drive. When you reserve a room with us you pay less and enjoy more. When are you done playing at the magic kingdom we’ll be there to bring you back home in our free shuttle service. Guests can stay connected to their homes and offices with the free WI-FI internet access in all our rooms. The clear waters of our outdoor pools will take away all the fatigue at night and help you relax at night. Hit the gym at the holiday inn express international drive to maintain your health and stay fit. Holiday Inn International Drive – Hotel near Universal Studios The newly renovated holiday inn Express is also near universal studios is in the heart of the city of Orlando. It is situated right across the street from Universal Studios. We are exactly where you would want to be in Orlando being minutes away from Universal’s Island of Adventure, Universal Citywalk. Holiday inn near universal studios is the apt choice for a fun filled vacation or business trip to central Florida. Hotel accommodation includes spacious deluxe guest rooms and 134 family sizes suites for your stay to be more comfortable with your little ones. Our services are something you can bank upon. Holiday Inn Express – Hotel near Orlando Convention Center Holiday Inn Express near convention centre is the place to stay if you looking for a hotel near Orange County Convention Centre. Whether you are hosting an event, meeting or banquet we boast over 2000 sq ft of well equipped meeting space to host your event. From our meeting room to high speed internet connection our hotel should be your one stop. Holiday Inn Lake Buena Vista Holiday Inn Express is located near Lake Buena Vista neighborhood. An outdoor pool, spa tub and health centre our hotel is a good bargain. Complimentary breakfast and parking would only make your stay more comfortable. 200 guest rooms with AC’s, TV’s, hair dryers, irons make you want to stay here longer. Holiday Inn Express International Drive – Hotel few miles away from Orlando Airport This Holiday Inn Express is few miles away from Orlando Airport and is the Travelers’ choice. Travelers’ choose us from all around the world for we are friendly and budgeted. This Holiday Inn International Drive is only minutes away from the action filled city centre of Orlando. You can hop on the free airport shuttle for a trip in and out. Holiday Inn Express International Drive Orlando – Hotel near Disney World We want your stay at holiday inn express Disney world to be comfortable and luxurious. It is just a 15 minutes drive to Walt Disney World Resort where one can experience the magic of Magic Kingdom, EPCOT, Disney MGM Studios, Disney’s Animal Kingdom, Sea World Adventure Park, Discovery Cove and Wet n’ Wild. Your little one will be filled with excitement as this property is so close to the Disney world and it will instill the magic of Disney in each one of your family members. Holiday Inn International Drive – Hotel near SeaWorld Orlando Holiday Inn Express near SeaWorld Orlando is just few miles away from sea world Adventure Park. The hotel offers packages to the sea world that includes admission tickets and overnight stay. The concierge is happy to help. Sea world Adventure Park is Florida’s most popular marine adventure park located on 200 acres that features shows, rides and unforgettable animal experiences. Your experience here at holiday inn will be like one never before and you are going to remember it for a lifetime. We do hope you enjoy your stay as much as we enjoy serving you here.   Current Rates and Availability >>     Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Holiday Inn Orlando
