Holiday Inn Express in Auburn, IN ↓ Skip to Main Content Home About Attractions Location Contact Reservations Menu Holiday Inn Express in Auburn, IN 404 Touring Drive - Auburn, IN 46706 Our Holiday Inn Express in Auburn, IN offers a fresh, clean, uncomplicated hotel choice with comfortable and affordable accommodations. We have refreshed and updated our hotel with stylish furnishings and cozy bedding that will leave you feeling relaxed and recharged. You can easily stay connected to work and family with high-speed wireless internet in our guest rooms and lobby. Part of a thriving community rooted in the heritage of classic automobiles, the Holiday Inn Express in Auburn, IN delivers an original travel experience. Here, guests enjoy thoughtful amenities, sincere service and an ideal location. Positioned off I-69 at exit 129, the Holiday Inn Express is just north of Fort Wayne, Indiana. Each morning, please join us for complimentary hot breakfast of eggs, breakfast meats, biscuits and gravy, fruit, pastries, and more. We also serve quite possibly the world's best tasting cinnamon roll available exclusively at Holiday Inn Express hotels. We also feature freshly brewed coffee available throughout the day. Take advantage of the indoor pool from 8 a.m. - midnight and the fitness center from 5 a.m. - 10 p.m. Our Holiday Inn Express offers convenience, friendly service, stylish surroundings and more - everything you need, to help get you where you're going. We look forward to seeing you at the Holiday Inn Express in Auburn, Indiana! Room Amenities Complimentary Wireless Internet 32″ Flat Screen TV Cable TV with HBO Free Newspaper Desk with lamp Coffeemaker Iron & Ironing Board Hairdryer Free Local Calls Private Voicemail Guest Services Complimentary Hot Breakfast Complimentary Business Center 24/7 Free Fax Service On-Site Guest Laundry Area Fitness Center Indoor Swimming Pool Map Located directly off I-69, our hotel is perfect for business and leisure travelers alike. See Map here Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Holiday Inn Express Auburn
