Holiday Inn Express & Suites Florence, AZ ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Banquets and Meetings Location Reservations Contact Menu Holiday Inn Express & Suites Florence, AZ 240 West Highway 287 Florence, Arizona, AZ 85132 Newly redesigned and upgraded with new services and amenities, the Holiday Inn Express & Suites is a AAA Three-Diamond rated hotel with all the amenities a resort has to offer, without the extra fees. Whether you are traveling for business or for leisure, our resort hotel caters to your every need. We are conveniently located near Coolidge, Superior and the town of Queen Creek - just eight miles from the Coolidge Airport and seven miles from St. Anthony Monastery, the largest Greek monastery in the country. Our Florence hotel is perfect for San Tan Valley visitors and provides easy access to several sites and activities, including The Windmill Windery, the Casa Grande Ruins National Monument and McFarland State Historic Park. Other attractions include the Superstition Golf Course, site of the LPGA Safeway Classic golf tournament and the Renaissance Festival. Our location is perfect if you are traveling for business or attending a meeting in Florence. Our business center, hotel-wide high-speed internet access and fitness center are available for you during your stay.  We are conveniently located near several major employers including GEO Group, Pulte Homes, Anthem Homes, the Correction Corporation of America and the Department of Homeland Security. Check out our great Florence hotel deals and stay in one of our fabulous suites. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Holiday Inn Express Florence
