4 Star Hotels in New Delhi - Best Luxury Hotels in New Delhi 4 Star Hotels in New Delhi - Best Luxury Hotels in New Delhi ↓ Skip to Main Content Hotel Connaught Just another WordPress site WELCOME TO THE CONNAUGHT HOTEL NEW DELHI The Connaught Hotel has made a deep mark in the sphere of providing hospitality and excellent services to its guests. It is located at the heart of the metropolis and is among the most sought after hotel. It is rated highly among the top business Delhi hotels. Approved by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India, The Connaught is ranked 194 by the reputed travel website tripadvisor.in. One of the best 4 star hotels in Delhi, it gives you an insight to the rich cultural legacy of India. It is adorned with a bouquet of elite artworks that are the result of the creativity of eminent artists. Providing a great experience when it comes to Accommodation in Delhi, this hotel boasts of 87 air-conditioned business that are packed with laudable facilities such as mini bars, audio and visual entertainment arrangements, 24 hours room service etc. The Connaught also facilitates exchange of foreign currency, online reservations for accommodation, restaurants, banqueting and a power back up supply of 24 hours. It is worth mentioning that The Connaught’s banquets are the most painstakingly designed venues among the Banquets in Delhi where you could host functions and conferences. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Hotel Connaught
