Howard Johnson Express Inn Sandusky, Hotels near Cedar Point Entrance. Howard Johnson Express Inn Sandusky, Hotels near Cedar Point Entrance. ↓ Skip to Main Content Howard Johnson Express Inn Sandusky OH Menu Welcome to Howard Johnson Express Inn - Sandusky A Gold Medal Award Property 1 mile from Cedar Point Amusement Park A Cedar Point hotel in Sandusky, Ohio. The Howard Johnson Express Inn Sandusky is located just one mile from the Cedar Point Amusement Park Causeway. Cedar Point holds the Guinness Book Of World Records for the tallest, fastest, steepest roller coaster. This Howard Johnson property in Sandusky is within 1 mile from Cedar point Amusement Park. Sandusky, Ohio Guestrooms and Suites. After a long, fun filled day at Cedar Point, Come and feel at home with our small, guest-oriented staff. We have a Free Continental Breakfast, expanded Cable, Free HBO, and 25 inch TV. Guestrooms at Howard Johnson Cedar Point offer free local calls and air conditioning. Guestrooms feature cable television with HBO. Sandusky, Ohio Hotel. A Complimentary Continental breakfast is provided each morning. The hotel does not have its own restaurant, but there are several dining options within the surrounding area. You can choose from Major Restaurant within 1-2 miles. Port Clinton 15 miles, Lake Erie island 20-30 miles, Hourn City Public Beach 7 miles, Ferry Boat 3 miles away. Reward Yourself with Wyndham Rewards. Wyndham Rewards Gives you more Ways to Earn Points. More reward choices for the things you enjoy … hotels where you stay … restaurants you visit … stores where you shop. Join Wyndham Rewards and earn valuable rewards points. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Howard Johnson Express Inn Sandusky OH
