The Pines Motel - St. Maries Idaho The Pines Motel - St. Maries Idaho ↓ Skip to Main Content Idaho Pines Motel Menu Welcome to the Pines Motel In beautiful Saint Maries, Idaho! The Pines Motel has 28 units. We are located on Main Street in downtown St. Maries, Idaho. You'll find our clean, comfortable motel rooms centrally located making the Pines Motel an easy home base to so many of the spectacular Inland Northwest attractions. We cater to all manner of out-of-town business people and families. All rooms offer cable TV, wireless internet, A/C, and refrigerators. You'll find microwaves on each level, an ice machine and a 24-hr dispenser for coffee and hot chocolate in the building. We are local to any number of activities, including fishing, hiking, biking, 4-wheeling, hunting, and boating. Dig for a beautiful star garnet at Emerald Creek Garnet Mine, or challenge yourself at the St. Maries 9-hole golf course. Right across the street from the Pines Motel are the St. Maries Municipal Pool and the just-remodeled St. Maries City Park. The St. Maries area offers wonderful winter sports such as skiing, both down-hill and cross-country, along with snowmobiling. Since we are only a short drive from Spokane, Coeur d' Alene, and Missoula, you've chosen a perfect vacation destination for all who love the outdoors. Even if you aren't a hunter, you won't want to miss an opportunity to check out our wildlife in the St. Joe National Forest. This National Forest boasts the 3rd largest elk herd in North America along with moose, deer, and waterfowl in abundance. Cameras welcome! Remember to book your rooms early for family reunions, weddings and other events. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Idaho Pines Motel
