Inn At The River East Wenatchee Washington Inn At The River East Wenatchee Washington ↓ Skip to Main Content Inn at the River Menu Inn On The River On the Columbia River in East Wenatchee A stay at Inn On The River has never been so convenient. We make it easy for you to enjoy a great dining experience at Morgan's and be just a short walk to your room. The regional shopping mall is just across the street, along with many other attractions within walking distance. Banking, mail services, gyms, and the Columbia River Walking Trail are just a a few of the attractions available without need of transportation. We also have a hotel van available for transportation to-and-from the airport or train station. Don't forget to ask about our specials. We also offer government and group rates. Today we offer, accommodations with 54 standard rooms, Two Queen, One Queen or King and Sofa Sleeper (based on availability) All poolside rooms have either a balcony or patio that opens directly into the pool area Our intimate size allows us to cater to the individual needs of your small group. You will enjoy the kind of personal service you just can't get at large hotels or conference centers. We don't claim to possess healing powers, but we do hold true that each guest should leave feeling refreshed and renewed. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Inn at the River
