Hotels In Ithaca NY | Ithaca New York Inns Hotels In Ithaca NY | Ithaca New York Inns ↓ Skip to Main Content Ithaca NY Hotel Menu Welcome to Ithaca NY Hotel We are closer than you think! Welcome to the Ithaca NY Hotel! Our award-winning hotel is just minutes from both Cornell University and Ithaca College. Whether you’re in town for college visits, business projects at Cayuga Medical Center, or day trips with your tour bus group, our hotel’s convenient location and affordable accommodations makes us a prime choice for hotels in Ithaca NY. With four distinct seasons to choose from, the best time to visit Ithaca is any time! Nestled in the Finger Lakes Region surrounded by a stunning backdrop of trees, hills, beautiful gorges, and fall foliage, our hotel provides an ideal location to truly experience outdoor Ithaca. Guests staying with us enjoy easy access to Buttermilk Falls State Park, downtown Ithaca, Ithaca Beer Company, Cayuga & Seneca Lake Wine Trails, and Ithaca annual events including the Grassroots Festival, Ithaca Festival, and Watkins Glen NASCAR. In addition to our convenient location, our hotel offers an array of amenities at an exceptional value. The Ithaca hotel staff ensures each guest has a pleasant experience with a warm welcome, friendly smiles, and outstanding hospitality. We create an atmosphere perfect for all business, leisure, and group travelers. Ithaca NY Hotel Features Prime commercial location Complimentary shuttle service within 5-miles radius Free daily hot breakfast buffet Free wireless high-speed Internet access Fax and copy services (no charge) Newly remodeled guest rooms with refrigerators New 32” flat-screen TV with HD channels in all rooms Pet-friendly ($25 fee) Complimentary parking onsite (cars, trucks and buses) Free shuttle 8 a.m. – 9 p.m. daily to Cornell University, Ithaca College and Ithaca Thompkins Regional Airport 100% Smoke-free hotel Check-in: 3:00 pm/Check-out: 11:00 am Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Ithaca NY Hotel
