Ivorytonn Inn Ivorytonn Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Ivoryton Inn Welcome to the Ivoryton Inn! Thank you for visiting us! At the Ivoryton Inn you will find all of the comforts of home nestled into quaint Ivoryton, CT. Come, relax and enjoy! The historic Ivoryton Inn is located in Ivoryton, CT the western section of the beautiful riverside town of Essex, CT. “Ivoryton” is so named because in the 1800’s Ivory was imported there from Africa. Piano keys were manufactured at the old piano factory located just up Main Street. Ivory traders and other merchants from all over the world ….stayed at the Ivoryton Inn, formerly known as the “Ivory Inn” and the “Hotel de Ivory”. Ivoryton Inn has been housing, feeding and welcoming travelers, business people, famous persons and Hollywood and Broadway celebrities for more than 150 years. Completely upgraded, refurbished and modernized, the Ivoryton Inn offers clean, comfortable suites and rooms at reasonable rates. All with private baths, WiFi, cable, air conditioning & free parking. Stay where the Hollywood stars have stayed: For over 150 years, hundreds of famous Hollywood stars and broadway stage luminaries have stayed at the Ivoryton Inn. Some of these stars include: Marlon Brando, Joan Fountaine, Gloaria Swanson, Myrna Loy, Mae West, Rudy Vallee, Katharine Hepburn, Richard Widmark, Lionel Barrymore, Van Johnson, Nancy Sinatra, Vincent Price, Jayne Mansfield, Art Carney … and scores others. Current Rates and Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Ivoryton Inn
