Jameson Inn Hotel and Conference Center, Sheffield - AL, 35660 Jameson Inn Hotel and Conference Center, Sheffield - AL, 35660 ↓ Skip to Main Content Jameson Inn Sheffield Menu Welcome to Jameson Inn Hotel and Conference Center Sheffield, Alabama This Sheffield, Alabama, hotel is 3 miles from the Frank Lloyd Wright Rosenbaum house and 4 miles from Helen Keller's Birthplace. Guests will enjoy an outdoor pool, hot tub, and FREE continental breakfast. The Jameson Inn Hotel & Conference Center rooms feature cable TV, coffeemaker, iron/ironboard with microwave and refrigerator available upon request. The smoke-free hotel offers free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking for boats and trucks with outdoor electrical outlets for the boaters. An on-site guest laundry and 24-hour front desk are available for added convenience. This hotel is pet friendly (fee required) Guests will be 2 miles from Wilson Dam and 8 miles from the Robert Trent Golf Course. Regency Square Mall is 7 miles away. Guest Amenities Free Continental Breakfast Fitness Center Free Local Calls Daily Housekeeping 24-Hour Front Desk On-Site Guest Laundry Free Parking with Outdoor Electrical Outlet for Boaters Free Wi-Fi Microwave/Refrigerator Upon Request Coffee Maker Nearby University of North Alabama - 10 minutes McFarland Park - 8 minutes Coon Dog Cemetery - 39 minutes Wheeler Lake - 38 minutes Robert Trent Jones Golf Trail - 22 minutes Tom Braly Municipal Stadium - 15 minutes Belle Mont Mansion - 13 minutes Regency Square Mall - 12 minutes Alabama Music Hall of Fame - 11 minutes Wilson Lake - 10 minutes Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Jameson Inn Sheffield
