Welcome to Jasmine House Inn in historic Charleston, South Carolina Welcome to Jasmine House Inn in historic Charleston, South Carolina ↓ Skip to Main Content Home History Accommodation Directions Guestbook Contact Us Reservations Menu Welcome to the Jasmine House Inn 19th Century Style. 21st Century Comfort. The Jasmine House offers luxurious accommodations in a Southern Style. This 1843 Greek Revival mansion is located in the Ansonborough area of historic Charleston. It is within walking distance to the bustling City Market and surrounded by Charleston's finest restaurants, specialty shops and historic sights. The main house features six oversized rooms furnished with antique reproductions, and some are graced with Italian marble bathrooms. The carriage house behind has four English-country style rooms. Each room is unique, with names such as the Mandarin Room and Chrysanthemum Room reflecting the character of the paint and furnishings. The quaint courtyard makes a nice place to sip a glass of complimentary wine. Eighteenth century charm abounds at the Jasmine House, with period antiques and reproduction furnishings. And each room is unique in the amenities offered. Some of the rooms offer a private piazza, a perfect setting for a delicious breakfast delivered on a silver tray. Others have an elegant, gas fireplace to warm the heart and soul of the romantic. One very special room has both a fireplace and a double Jacuzzi for that wonderful weekend getaway.   Reservations   Reviews "Love this place, PERFECT for a visit to this beautiful city! A block from downtown, the Market, tons of restaurants and shops, and nearby are several carriage tours also. The Inn is beautiful, with large beautifully decorated rooms. Our rooms opened up to a huge balcony overlooking a lovely courtyard. Everyone we came in contact with exceeded customer service expectations..." Location Located in the historic district of Charleston just a few shorts blocks from the City Market, The Jasmine House is surrounded by 4 star restaurants, boutiques, and shops. You'll find that the Inn's location is and ideal starting point for exploring historic Charleston's streets and avenues. © 2017 Jasmine House Inn
