JC Mandarin Hotel Shanghai - Official Website, Online booking discount ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Attractions Facilities Info Contact Reservations Home The Shanghai JC Mandarin Hotel 1225 Nanjing West Road, Jing'an District, Shanghai 200040, China The Shanghai JC Mandarin Hotel (Jincang Wenhua Dajiudian) is situated right in the middle of the business and shopping district on the famous Nanjing Road, just adjacent to the Shanghai Exhibition Center, Shanghai Center and Plaza 66. Shanghai Airport City Terminal, Metro Line 2 and entry to the city's integrated system of highways is also just a stone's throw away. This luxury Shanghai hotel houses hundreds of spacious, exquisitely furnished rooms. Each room features a full array of amenities which consist of broadband Internet connectivity, international direct dial phone and round-the-clock room service among others. For discerning business executives, the Meritus Club floors offer exclusive services and privileges. This 28-storey hotel provides guests with a stunning views across the city from every one of its large and luxurious guest rooms and suites. Current Rates and Availability >> The hotel offers a diverse dining experience, serving a range of cuisine from the best available steaks in town at Wine Bar & Grill, to delectable Cantonese cuisine at Mandarin Pavilion, a buffet at Tatlers Restaurant right down to al fresco at Park Lane Café and Cuba. The Meritus Club Lounge, located on the 2nd floor is elegantly furnished and smoke-free. It offers the busy executives comfort away from home and the office. With astounding views of the bustling Nanjing Road, as well as three fully-equipped soundproofed meeting rooms, a spacious lounge and an open kitchen, along with exclusive privileges. The state-of-the-art Business Center is located on the same floor, in which workstations, broadband Internet access, computers and laptops for rent, IDD/ISD and travel services are all available. When it comes to recreation and relaxation, the Fitness Center and Wellness Spa encompass a total of 3, 000 sq m (3, 588 sq yd), and house a spacious two-story gym and two outdoor tennis courts, as well as a large indoor pool. Home Contact © 2017 JC Mandarin Hotel
