Jetty Park, Cape Canaveral Florida with Campground, Pier, Beach and Fishing Jetty Park, Cape Canaveral Florida with Campground, Pier, Beach and Fishing ↓ Skip to Main Content Jetty Park Menu Welcome to Jetty Park Cape Canaveral, Florida JETTY PARK 400 Jetty Road, Cape Canaveral, Florida 32920 (Phone 321-783-7111) is acres of beach fun, fishing, camping, picnics and more for a day or for a whole vacation. Featuring a 4.5 acre beach, 1,200 foot fishing pier, 150 campsites, pavilions and picnic tables, tackle shop and everything to entertain you and your family. Watch the giant cruise ships come in with dolphins leading the way or relax at your campsite. This is not the official website for Jetty Park, but a basic resource of information for visitors to the area. I moved to Florida a few years ago and my family and I have enjoyed Jetty Park many weekends. Below is some basic information about the park so you can call them to get more information and to make your reservation. Jetty Park is a great family place to enjoy the beach, pier, camping and each other. Jetty Park Campgrounds JETTY PARK CAMPGROUNDS fits everyone's style. From rugged small tent locations next to the fishing pier to the lush tropical grass areas for RVs with full hookups. Over 150 campsites to meet your needs. Facilities offered are water, electricity, sewer, hot showers, laundry facilities, grills, picnic tables, playground, picnic pavillions, bait & tackle shop, beach snack bar, camp store, dump stations and 24 hour security. About half the sites also have concrete slabs. Checkout is 12:00pm. See rates below for costs. They also do allow dogs but you need to get all the rules that apply. I have never taken my dog.. only because he loves swimming so much I am afraid he would swim away... Jetty Park Beach JETTY PARK BEACH enough for all. Jetty Park has a nice clean beach and can be seen from the pier. Lay in the sun and watch the kids in the water. A lifeguard is on duty at select times, please ask the Jetty Park team when. If you have ever been to Cocoa Beach or any others on the east coast of Florida, this is the same. With the rocks on the left side however, it seems more tame for children. Great sand and great water and waves... that is what the beach is all about. Jetty Park Pier JETTY PARK FISHING PIER is 1200 feet of quality. The first two thirds is like a boardwalk only 4 feet off the jetty. The last third of the pier is a steel raised pier about 20 feet off the jetty water. The fishing comes and goes but is always fun. I would recommend you try to be there during the Mullet run late September through early November. A river of Mullet and enough Blue Fish and Lady Fish for everyone. The best fishing I have ever had. But the pier is much more than just for fishing. It is a great place to walk and see the water. It is also incredible to see the giant ships come in and out with the dolphins leading the way. Maybe best of all is the fact that very seldom have I ever gone to the pier that there wasn't a few Manatee right next to the pier swimming. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Jetty Park
