Knights Inn Tampa Florida Hotel, Hotel near Hard Rock Casino FL. Knights Inn Tampa Florida Hotel, Hotel near Hard Rock Casino FL. ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Attraction Fine Dining Location Contact Reservations Menu Welcome to Knights Inn Tampa FL Close to the Florida State Fairgrounds and Hard Rock Casino Tampa Florida Hotel Location : Enjoy great value and a comfortable stay when you book a room at our pet-friendly Knights Inn Tampa hotel, near the Florida State Fairgrounds. With a convenient location close to Interstate 75 and just off Interstate 4, we provide easy access to the most popular attractions in Tampa, FL. Hotel amenities include free parking for vehicles of any size. Tampa Florida Hotel Amenities : Start your day off right with our free continental breakfast and check directions online using our free Wi-Fi Internet access before heading out for a day of adventure. When you return, enjoy a swim in our outdoor pool, relax on our sundeck or refresh your clothes in our guest laundry facilities. Additional amenities at our Tampa hotel include a microwave, refrigerator and work desk in all rooms, free local calls and non-smoking and handicapped-accessible rooms. Tampa Florida Attractions : Try your luck at the slot machines at Seminole Hard Rock Casino or plan a visit to the Florida State Fair in February and help salute the state's best in agriculture, industry and entertainment, both just minutes from our Tampa hotel. For loads of fun in the sun, Adventure Island's 30 acres provide water-soaked excitement with corkscrew slides, waterfalls and a giant wave pool, or head to Busch Gardens for heart-stopping rides and face-to-face views of cheetahs, gorillas, tigers and more, both just minutes away. If you are a baseball fan, visit George M. Steinbrenner Field, minutes from our hotel and home to the Tampa Yankees and New York Yankees spring training camp. Fine Dining at Tampa Florida : Walk to Waffle House for familiar favorites or head over to Frontier Steakhouse Cattle Co. for ribs, chops and steaks. Try the chicken wings and award-winning hot sauce at Ker's WingHouse, dig into tasty Chinese fare at China One or savor hand-cut fries and juicy burgers at Five Guys Burger & Fries, all minutes from our Tampa, FL, hotel.   Fast Reservations >>   Local Favorites Florida State Fairgrounds - 2 miles Adventure Island - 3 miles Bush Gardens - 3 miles University Mall - 3 miles Hard Rock Casino - 4 miles Ice Palace - 8 miles Ybor City - 8 miles Florida Aquarium - 10 miles Legends Fields - 10 miles Gulf Coast Beaches - 25 miles Review "Stayed at this location with family and children for a week and had no complaints. Staff were very pleasant and welcoming, rooms was clean and beds were extremely comfortable. Overall stay was great and affordable. Will for sure come and stay at this motel again." Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Knights Inn Tampa
