Knights Inn New Orleans Louisiana LA Hotels Motels Accommodations in New Orleans ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Welcome to Knights Inn New Orleans Less than 10 miles from the French Quarter, this hotel serves a continental breakfast each morning. Less than 10 miles from the French Quarter, this hotel serves a continental breakfast each morning. Each guest room at Knights Inn features spacious windows and comes equipped with a microwave and refrigerator. Free wired internet access and cable TV are also available and an in-room coffee maker is provided. Guests at New Orleans Knights Inn may relax in the outdoor pool. The front desk is open 24 hours to serve guests needs. This hotel is 16 minutes from the Louisiana Superdome, home of the New Orleans Saints football team. Harrah's New Orleans Casino and Hotel is less than 11 miles away. Welcome to Knights Inn New Orleans Under New Management Less than 10 miles from the French Quarter, this hotel serves a continental breakfast each morning. Each guest room at Knights Inn features spacious windows and comes equipped with a microwave and refrigerator. Free wired internet access and cable TV are also available and an in-room coffee maker is provided. Guests at New Orleans Knights Inn may relax in the outdoor pool. The front desk is open 24 hours to serve guests needs. This hotel is 16 minutes from the Louisiana Superdome, home of the New Orleans Saints football team. Harrah's New Orleans Casino and Hotel is less than 11 miles away. Hotel Rooms: 143 Free WiFi Free Continental Breakfast Free Parking Limited Bus and Truck Parking Cable TV Fridge and Microwave Coffee Maker Hair Dryer No Pets Allowed Activities : When it comes to fresh-air pursuits, New Orleans has a range of outdoor activities from which to choose. Spend a day saltwater fishing on a chartered boat, hop into a kayak for urban sightseeing or rent a bicycle to explore New Orleans' neighborhoods. Airport :Louis Armstrong New Orleans Airport Advance Baggage Check-in Don't Lug it, Leave it! Skip the baggage claim with Advance Check-In! Travelers flying into New Orleans can have their luggage forwarded directly from Armstrong International Airport to the cruise ship or local hotel. Attractions: Take a bike ride along the Mississippi River, feed an alligator or stroll through time as you take in the stories behind one of our many historical attractions. New Orleans has so much to offer and caters to every traveler. So whether you're a sports fan, history buff, outdoor adventurer, aspiring chef or music lover, there's an attraction in New Orleans to suit your every need. Casinos : In the world's most exciting region and just steps from the French Quarter, you'll find over 2,100 of the newest, hottest slots plus plenty of action-packed table games. We've got the games you want to play! Dining : Whether or not you agree with Mr. Shaw, it is an indisputable fact that no place loves its food quite as sincerely - or as indulgently - as New Orleans . Some people eat to live, but New Orleanians live to eat. As a result, the city offers one of the most incredible - and incredibly diverse - concentrations of exceptional dining and unforgettable cuisine in the world. Downtown : Downtown is comprised of a series of unique neighborhoods, each with its own spirit, attitude, and style. Whether a modern loft in the Central Business District or an urban Warehouse District condo is calling you home, there's something for everyone Downtown. Golf : Take advantage of New Orleans' warm climate and enjoy one of the many scenic golf courses , which are open year-round. From high-end public courses to serene, resort-owned grounds, golf enthusiasts will love the proximity and variety of these peaceful retreats. This golf-centric destination also is home to one of the oldest PGA Tour stops, the Zurich Classic of New Orleans, which has been played annually since 1958. City Government: New Orleans is a magical place with a unique culture and way of life. Explore information about resident's, visitor's, business and City Government for your next vacation to New Orleans. Hospitals : Tulane Medical Center, an acclaimed teaching, research and medical facility, serving the greater New Orleans area, began in 1834 as a small, medical college with seven faculty members. The school was founded by three young physicians, Drs. Warren Stone, John H. Harrison and Thomas Hunt, who had moved to New Orleans and recognized the need to study and treat “the peculiar diseases which prevail in this part of the Union,” including yellow fever and malaria. At the time, there were only 14 medical schools in the United States. Shopping :New Orleans shopping––from the French Quarter to Magazine Street ––offers an array of retail choices. Options include The Shops at Canal Place , Saks Fifth Avenue , The Riverwalk , Jax Brewery , as well as hundreds of boutiques, art galleries and antique stores throughout the city along. Tax-free shopping offers international visitors even more reasons to experience New Orleans. Sports a : Sports fans and outdoor enthusiasts will quickly discover that New Orleans is the ultimate destination for watching professional games - we've got some of the most passionate fans around - and taking part in activities amid our gorgeous Southern setting. Join crowds of cheering fans to root for one of New Orleans' professional sports teams, such as the beloved New Orleans Saints NFL football team, the NBA's New Orleans Hornets or one of New Orleans' collegiate sports teams. University : University of New Orleans New Orleans is one of the world's most fascinating and unique cities, and the University of New Orleans is a key attribute in its personality. No other city offers the same extraordinary mix of history, culture, and innovation, and no other institution offers the same exciting opportunities to learn and work. Our hallmark programs draw upon the University's historical strengths and location to deliver an unparalleled experience. Free WiFi Free Continental Breakfast Free Parking Limited Bus and Truck Parking Cable TV Fridge and Microwave Coffee Maker Hair Dryer No Pets Allowed Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Directions Reservations © 2017 Knights Inn New Orleans
