Kokoinn.com - Kokopelli Inn - Bluff, Utah Kokoinn.com - Kokopelli Inn - Bluff, Utah ↓ Skip to Main Content Koko Inn Menu The Kokopelli Inn Located in Bluff, Utah The Kokopelli Inn, located in Bluff, Utah makes an ideal "Home Base" for visiting Mesa Verde, Canyonlands National Park, Natural Bridges National Monument, Valley of the Gods, Hovenweep, Monument Valley, Canyon de Chelly or Lake Powell. All within a short one to two hour drive. Bluff was settled in 1880 by a group of Mormons whose major objective was Montezuma Creek, a bleak valley 15 miles away. After a long and grueling journey of six months over deserts and deep canyons; the buff colored cliffs surrounding this little green valley were too much of a temptation and so the present town of Bluff was born. Imagine yourself in Bluff 11,000 years ago. Down by the river is a herd of bison grazing, and up on the bluffs, there is a herd of mammoths with a Paleo Indian hunter stalking them. Or imagine yourself here just 2,000 years ago when the Anasazi Basketmakers and Pueblo people began making the pit houses, stone masonry rooms, kiva and cliff dwellings that abound in the surrounding area. Bluff has a very colorful history. From the early hunters of the now extinct big game, to the sedentary agricultural life of the Anasazi people, to the nomadic life of Utes and Navajos, to the colonizing Mormons whose farms and beautiful rock homes were finally destroyed by the flood cycles of the nearby San Juan River, to the present day population (250). Bluff has had many highs and lows. Today it is the perfect spot for anyone who enjoys peace and quiet. The Navajo Reservation to the South, the Ute Reservation to the North, the history of the Anasazi to study and ruins to explore or a float trip on the river plus 200 million years of geologic history combine to make this an exciting area to explore. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Koko Inn
