Hotel in Houma Louisiana, Hotels in Houma LA ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Attractions Dining Location Contact Reservations Menu Welcome To Lake Houmas Inn 955 HIGHWAY 182 Houma, Louisiana 70364, US Welcome to Lake Houma Inn, a conveniently located hotel in Houma, LA that you’ll find just off Highway 182. We’re pleased to be just 45 minutes from the New Orleans French Quarter and in the right place for you to experience some of the state’s best Cajun food, casino action and much more. Whether you’re in the area for business or pleasure, we focus on providing clean, comfortable and affordable accommodations along the amenities you need for the most enjoyable stay possible. Downtown Houma is a great attraction and is listed as a significant historical district in the National Register of Historic Places. Visit to enjoy the Bayou Terrabonne Waterlife Museum, the Regional Military Museum, Southdown Plantation and the many monuments to the local armed forces. Plus, this is Cajun country, so Cajun food and the Cajun attitude permeate everything you see and do in this area and that’s a very good thing. Whether your primary destination is New Orleans or you’re looking for the very best Houma, LA motel, we’re here for you with expert service and the best possible accommodations. We’re hotel industry professionals who understand how much great service means to you, and we look forward to the opportunity to serve you soon. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Lake Houmas Inn
