Lake Okeechobee Resort Lake Okeechobee Resort ↓ Skip to Main Content Lake Okeechobee Resort Menu Lake Okeechobee Resort Pahokee, FL Welcome to the NUMBER 1 Waterfront Location on the stunning 500,000 acre, Lake Okeechobee in Pahokee, Central Florida. Lake Okeechobee Resort is an 18 Million Dollar waterfront paradise that spans over 1 mile of STUNNING shore line. Our state of the art Marina has well over 100 Slips, Dock Master building and Supplies Store plus 10,000 gallon fuel facility and two commercial Boat Ramps plus a 400 ft East fishing pier and a 1000 ft West sunset pier with a view to die for. Our Campground is also one of the best in the country….. 116 Shoreline waterfront lots with a 61 mile view over the lake. It’s a fresh water ocean and we believe, the most fantastic view you could possibly wake up to. The resort has a Lounge Reception and Conference Facility, an 8,000 sq ft Tiki Bar area and Restaurant plus a beautiful 50 ft Pool and Sunbathing Deck, and all on the water!!! Everyone is welcome, so come for the weekend or stay for months and enjoy everything from Bass fishing Tournaments to World Series Power Boat Racing, huge Motor Bike events like the Crime Stoppers fund raiser, or stay for the four day Summer Solstice Craft Fair. Enjoy a cold beverage by the water while listening to our live music or take our Sunset Cruise. Dig your toes into the Tiki beach sand while sitting by our fire pit and be consumed by the beauty of the lake. Visit our attractions page to see what's going on in the area or all over Florida and plan your itinerary today. This really is a destination worth a visit. Lake Okeechobee Resort. Working hard for Leisure. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Lake Okeechobee Resort
