Hotel in Alamo Texas, Affordable, Reasonable Hotels Motels in Alamo TX, La Posada Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Nearby Location Contact Reservations Home Welcome to La Posada Inn 714 North Tower Road, Alamo, TX 78516 Hotel Features All 44 rooms at the two-story La Posada Inn welcome guests with kitchenette, cable TV and free Wi-Fi. Non-smoking rooms are also available. Each morning hits home with a bite from the complimentary breakfast spread. Guests can cool off in the year-round outdoor pool. Complimentary parking is included. Pets are allowed. Most of all a very friendly staff! Hotel Location La Posada Inn is three miles North of central Alamo, five miles east of I-69C and just over one hour West of the Gulf of Mexico. La Plaza Mall and McAllen-Miller International Airport is approximately 10 minutes away. The Rio Grande Premium Outlets means top budget-friendly shopping in Mercedes which is about 15 minutes away. Guests can cross the Free Trade Bridge as well as the Mexican border which is also South of our hotel. Last but not least, our main attraction is South Padre Island which is approximately 1 hour away from our hotel, a great place to eat, relax, enjoy, and have some fun in the sun on the beach with friends or family! Hotel Information You must show a valid photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Please note that all special requests cannot be guaranteed and are subject to availability upon check-in. Additional charges may apply. Book a Room >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact © 2017 La Posada Inn
