Legacy Inn and Suites Gulfport Legacy Inn and Suites Gulfport ↓ Skip to Main Content Legacy Inn and Suites Gulfport Menu Welcome to Legacy Inn & Suites Gulfport, MS The Legacy Inn & Suites is the closest hotel to the Navy Base, Gulfport Dragway, and the Gulfport Sportsplex. Legacy Inn & Suites Gulfport MS also conveniently located just five miles from the Gulfport-Biloxi International Airport. The Legacy Inn & Suites Gulfport Hotel Mississippi nearest attraction's at Lynn Meadows Discovery Center, Gulf Islands Water Park, Harrison Country Skate Park & Hockey Complex and Ship Island Excursions. History and military buffs will enjoy visiting the Seabee Heritage Center Gulfport. Featured Amenities Jacuzzi Rooms Available Free Coffee Cable TV with HBO Guest Laundry Guest Use Fax Machine Guest Use Copy Machine Free High Speed Internet Free Continental Breakfast Bus Parking No Pets Allowed Visitors looking for gaming action will appreciate the nearby Island View Casino and Beau Rivage Resort & Casino. For visitors interested in sightseeing, NASA's Stennis Space Center is close to the hotel. Families with children will be entertained at Lynn Meadows Discovery Center, Gulf Islands Water Park, Harrison Country Skate Park & Hockey Complex and Ship Island Excursions. History and military buffs will enjoy visiting the Seabee Heritage Center Gulfport. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Legacy Inn and Suites Gulfport
