Lighthouse Motel, LLC - A family-run motel with a great location ↓ Skip to Main Content Lighthouse Motel Home Accommodations Activities Location Contact Reservations Menu By The Lake At Lighthouse Motel 710 W. Ludington Ave. Ludington, MI 49431 Lighthouse is a cozy family operated 13 room motel located on Ludington Avenue convenient to all the best Ludington and West Michigan has to offer. Voted one of the top ten beaches in the nation Ludingtons City Beach on Lake Michigan at Stearns Park is just one block from your door. Stearns Park boasts a mini golf course, shuffleboard court, a skate park, playground, expansive picnic area with tables and grills and of couse the pier and The North Pierhead Lighthouse. Within a one to ten block area you'll find the Ludington Carferry dock and the "SS Badger", a large variety of restaurants, quaint shops, antique stores, City Park and Bandshell, Waterfront Sculpture Park with play ground and Amphitheatre, city boat launch, Municipal Marina, Harborview Marina, tennis courts, ball diamonds and ice cream. Just a few miles away Ludington's State Park offers miles of white sandy beach, Big Point Sable Lighthouse, hiking trails, biking trails and access within the park to Lake Michigan, Hamlin Lake and Sable River. Lighthouse Motel provides a great location to enjoy your vacation and with microwaves and refrigerators in every room it's a perfect choice for a week or just a day. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Lighthouse Motel
