Welcome to the Longboard Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Welcome Rooms Activities History Location Contact Reservations Menu Welcome to the Longboard Inn Florida Bungalow Style Bed & Breakfast Longboard Inn is a unique Craftsman Style home, that reflects the relaxed personality of its owners, located in the small beach town of New Smyrna Beach, Florida. Our inn and our town share a long, colorful history and an appreciation of local art. Possessing an unusual combination of qualities, both The Longboard Inn and New Smyrna Beach manage to be stylish while casual, quaint yet bohemian and appeal to those seeking an active or a leisure vacation. New Smyrna Beach has unique qualities and attractions, as diverse as they are numerous. Our beach town is home to nationally renowned surfing while being rated among the top 50 of "The Best small Art Towns in America" by travel writer John Villani. Longboard Inn is located in the historic district, only a short distance to the beach. Our gecko stone path will lead you to one of our six guest rooms. Each room has a private whirlpool bath, queen size, hand crafted beds, one-of-a-kind hand painted furniture, and French doors that open onto a deck surrounded by a well landscaped private area. Each room's unique personality adds to the charm and character of the bungalow and will make your visit a memorable experience. Our rooms are filled with original art by local artists of all genres, such as ceramics, stained glass, fabric painting, water colors, and acrylics. Comforts always enhance a relaxing getaway and our rooms have cable TV with VCR, DVD, fridge, central air, ironing board and iron, hair drier, high speed internet and Wi-Fi, and luxurious terry robes to cuddle up in. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Longbaord Inn
