Luxury Inn Hotel Forrest City Arkansas, Hotel in Forrest City AR ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Attractions Dining Location Contact Reservations Home Luxury Inn and Suites Forrest City Forrest City, AR, the "Jewel of the Delta" "Come Experience the Southern Hospitality". Luxury Inn and Suites is conveniently located off interstate 40, it is a perfect stop and only live exit when traveling between Little Rock and Memphis. If you're looking for exceptional service and accommodations at a great price, then you've come to the right place. Whatever your reason for visiting Forrest City, all the cordial and attentive Luxury Inn and Suites staff assist you with any needs that you might have. Facilities of Luxury Inn and Suites Forrest City, Arkansas Hotel Services Free Continental Breakfast, Free Local Calls, 24-hour front desk, Business Centre . General Heating, Air Conditioning, Cable TV with HBO Internet WiFi is available in all areas, Free High Speed Internet. Parking Free Public Parking is available on site. Experience accommodations at a price you can afford. The city also offers an array of shopping and entertainment opportunities. A variety of restaurants and lounges are located in the surrounding area of hotel. Guests of this Forrest City, Arkansas Hotel can discover attractions such as Beale Street, Graceland, and the Pyramid Arena, is only 45 minutes away from hotel. Little Rock offers lively vibration on Market Street and new modern library of Bill Clinton is only 60 minutes away from hotels in Forrest City AR. Enjoy Recreational Activities For the more adventurous, Village Creek State Park lies just 13 miles North along the rolling hills of Crowley S Ridge, with 7000 acres offering fishing, hunting, camping, boating, swimming, hiking, and special programs year round. At the Luxury Inn and Suites Forrest City, we take pride in making time to take care of all the details to make your stay a pleasant one. From the first night until you check out, our guest representatives are available to assist in any way they can. Make us your home away from home when visiting the Luxury Inn and Suites Forrest City, AR area. Local Area Attractions Ridgecrest Country Club Village Creek State Park Memphis, Tennessee Stuart Springs Park Gallery of Forrest City Forrest City Country Club. St. Francis County Museum Village Creek State Park The Gladlands Memphis-Downtown/Beale St. Tunica - Casinos Weather Forecast 91° F Clear Customer’s Reviews "The Staff was extremely helpful, courteous and friendly. Thank you for your superb service." Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Luxury Inn
