Motel 6 Seattle Washington WA Hotels Motels Accommodations in Seattle Sea Tac Park and Fly Package ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Amenities Pets Directions Seattle Activities Airport Attractions Casinos City Government Dining Downtown Seattle Golf Hospitals Port of Seattle Shopping Sports Teams University Contact Reservations Home Welcome to Motel 6 Sea Tac Airport Seattle 18900 47th Ave S, Seattle, WA 98188 Welcome to Motel 6 Sea Tac Airport Seattle An ideal hotel whether you're visiting Seattle, Washington for business deals or leisure activities. Enjoy complimentary Coffee and guest parking along with a convenient location that puts the airport, University of Washington and innumerable family friendly attractions just minutes away. We're also near unique shopping, fine dining, entertainment options and professional sports stadiums, such as the Qwest Field (Seattle Seahawks) and Safeco Field (Seattle Mariners). We feature great customer service, daily and weekly rates, and competitive prices. Seattle invites you to explore two cities in one. Here youll find a vibrant, sophisticated metropolis surrounded by pristine natural beauty and abundant recreation. Seattle is metronatural. Downtown Seattle is easily walkable and waiting to be explored. Shopping, dining, arts and visitor attractions are within steps of hotels and inns. The city is surrounded by pristine waterways, two mountain ranges and three national parks. To the west lies the only temperate rain forest in the continental U.S. To the east, a world-class wine region. Whether metro or natural, you can pack a lot into your Seattle itinerary. Park and Fly Packages available for Sea Tac Seattle Airport Free Morning Coffee from 6am to 10 am daily Outdoor Heated Pool Wireless Internet Access in Room for $3 for 24 hours Microwave and Fridge in selected rooms for nominal fee 24 Hour Front Desk Laundry Facilities Wake Up Calls Guest Parking (RVs and Trucks) Cable Television Room Service (Limited) Pet Friendly Rooms Available Sea Tac Airport 1.7 miles away Westfield Mall just 1.9 miles away. Activities: The Puget Sound region is home to outstanding outdoor activities. Enjoy refreshing, clean marine air while whale watching in the San Juans, visit two extraordinary zoos or enjoy animals in their native habitat--when was the last time you saw salmon, seals and bald eagles from a city park? Travel to 6,500 feet in a gondola and then ski, hike or bike back down. Visit an aquarium or take an exciting tour that lets you experience both land and sea. Choose from the list for the finest outdoor activities our region has to offer. Airport: The security checkpoints are managed by the Transportation Security Administration . There are three main checkpoints at Sea-Tac and a fourth that is opened as needed during peak periods (see checkpoint locations on Main Terminal map ). Travelers can reach their gates from any checkpoint. The central checkpoint is open 24/7. The opening times for the north and south checkpoints are determined by the airlines' schedules for that day. Attractions: For those visiting Seattle for the first time, taking a tour is an excellent way to get a crash course on local history, attractions and upcoming events. Seattle is home to delicious regional cuisine, and the Savor Seattle Food Tour takes guests on a culinary adventure through the famous Pike Place Market. This two-hour walking tour gets behind the scenes at the top local vendors and acclaimed restaurants. Dining: Seattle's diverse cultural makeup and proximity to the Puget Sound's fresh seafood makes for some of the best dining in the Northwest. Seattle is known for its fresh sushi and delicious Japanese cuisine. Other notable Seattle seafood restaurants include Chandler's Crabhouse, Cutter's Bayhouse, the Fish Club and Ponti Seafood Grill. Seattle has much more to offer than just seafood, though. Seattleites love to eat at fine steakhouses Downtown: Other cities should be jealous. Downtown Seattle's natural setting is a gorgeous backdrop for a vibrant array of events and festivals, professional sports, lively nightlife, and tourist attractions, supported by a vibrant cultural and performing arts community. Hospitals: Northwest Hospital & Medical Center provides complete medical and surgical services in both inpatient and outpatient settings, at two convenient locations – our main hospital campus and the Northwest Outpatient Medical Center. Sports: Led by Lenny Wilkens , the SuperSonics made it to the NBA Finals for two consecutive years in the late 1970s. In 1978 they lost to the Washington Bullets in seven games, but rebounded in 1979 to defeat the Bullets four games to one in to win the NBA Championship. The next time the Sonics made it to Finals was in 1996 when they met Chicago Bulls , to whom they lost in six games. University: Founded in 1861, the University of Washington is one of the oldest state-supported institutions of higher education on the West Coast and is one of the preeminent research universities in the world. (Read more about the UW's history)The UW educates a diverse student body to become responsible global citizens and future leaders through a challenging learning environment informed by cutting-edge scholarship.We discover timely solutions to the world's most complex problems and enrich people's lives throughout our community, the state of Washington, the nation and the world. Motel 6 Seattle Washington WA Hotels Lodging Accommodations Budget Affordable Motels Cheap Vacation Packages Specials Pet Friendly Qwest Field Safeco Field Extended Stay Sea Tac Park and Fly Package     Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations Activities Airport Amenities Attractions Casinos City Government Dining Directions Downtown Seattle Golf Hospitals Pets Port of Seattle Rooms Shopping Sports Teams University © 2017 Motel 6 Seattle
