Everett Washington Motels - Motel Express Everett Washington Motels - Motel Express ↓ Skip to Main Content Motel Express Everett Menu Motel Express Welcomes You To Everett, Washingon Welcome to The Motel Express. We are located in Everett, Washington. We offer great prices, excellent service and large, clean rooms. You will feel right at home in our newly remodeled rooms, all of which have Queen Size Beds and Refrigerators. We offer 1 Bed, 2 Bed and 2 Bedroom Suites. RELAX... and enjoy the variety of amenities we have to offer in our facility. We offer great prices, excellent service and large, clean rooms. You will feel right at home in our newly remodeled rooms, all of which have Queen Size Beds and Refrigerators. We offer 1 Bed, 2 Bed and 2 Bedroom Suites. You have a choice between smoking and non-smoking. Whatever your favorite form of relaxation, you will delight in the casual atmosphere and hospitality that is the Everett Motel Express tradition. Please make your self at home and let our staff provide you with all the comforts of good living. We Are Conveniently Located By: Everett Naval Base Boeing Everett Facility Comcast Event Center Everett Marina Everett Mall Everett Transit Center Why Motel Express? Best Deal In Town. Safe with Security Camera's Low Daily and Weekly Rates Over 100 Channels with FREE HBO Free WiFi Internet Clean Spacious Rooms, some with Kitchenettes 2 Bedroom Suites Queen Size Beds Rooms with 2 Beds Free U.S. Long Distance Phone Calls Underground Covered Parking Secured with Camera System Refrigerator in each room Remodeled Rooms On Site Laundry Facilities Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Motel Express Everett
