Mule Skinner Lodge | Welcome! ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Facilities About History Location Contact Price Reservations Menu Welcome to Mule Skinner Lodge 19010 Eastern Ave. Denison, KS 66419 Have you ever... Washed your hands in a hollow log? Walked on a floor made with stones pulled out of a creek? Experienced a shower under a stone waterfall? Do you want to... Walk into a shower that looks like a deep forest pool? Sit and relax in a hot tub surrounded with fern and vines? Watch Mr. Groundhog crunching on his favorite plants? Catch the unique barking of a silver fox squirrel? Feed the deer, squirrels and birds? Stroll up walking trails through the woods? Pitch a tent and sit around a campfire? Enjoy the sounds of nature as you gaze up at a starry sky? You can do all that, and more. In today's society the world is getting faster, the cities larger, your free time shorter. It used to be easy for you to get away each weekend and find that perfect waterfall in the forest, or go look for wildlife or a starry sky. That world still exists at the MuleSkinner Lodge, a most interesting Bed and Breakfast. Located on 20 acres of Kansas Certified Wildlife Habitat near Denison, Kansas, the MuleSkinner Lodge can offer you these things. It is unusually unique with a rustic outdoor theme inside and out. We have worked for over five years creating it and the lodge is now available for your comfort, pleasure, relaxation and amazement. It is a somewhat sacred retreat. The lodge, classified for agritourism, can be used for almost any event you can imagine, from simple weekend get-a-ways and celebrating anniversaries to providing a beautiful rustic setting for weddings, receptions and other special events. Please contact us and we will do our very best to meet your needs. Helping you to enjoy life itself by sharing this little piece of heaven is our intent. We would love to share the lodge and its land with you. Here are a few of the many uses for which the MuleSkinner inn can be utilized: Birthdays Family gatherings Nature education classes Reunions Weddings Receptions Showers Honeymoons Christmas parties Thanksgiving for the family Anniversaries Spiritual retreats Business meetings Girls’ night out Week-end-getaways Rest and Rehabilitation Picnics and wiener roasts Tenting Hot tub for health or parties Upper US snow birds retreat Military retreat Hunters Scrapbooking Quilting retreat Fishermen Casino players unique retreat Mid America meeting place; East meets West Gift Certificates for Every Occasion A “Valentine Sweetheart” weekend Primitive Camping And many others... Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Muleskinner Lodge
