Muncie Inn - Muncie Inn - ↓ Skip to Main Content Muncie Inn Menu Welcome to Muncie Inn Muncie, IN Muncie Inn Muncie, IN offers affordable rates with great amenities, and location. We pride ourselves in the cleanliness of our rooms and unique amenities that are unmatched by other hotels; Discover this Muncie Inn, Indiana Motel offering comfortable and affordable accommodations with convenient access to Ball State University. Visitors staying at the Muncie Inn Motel will experience the highest quality of customer service and have access to a variety of amenities to make every stay comfortable and memorable. This Muncie Inn Motel offers ideal accommodations for guests traveling for one night or for an extended stay. Located in the heart of Muncie, Indiana Motel guests will have access to several nearby dining and shopping options. Each well-appointed room at the Muncie Inn features free high-speed Internet access coming soon and cable satellite television with HBO®. Other hotel amenities include a 24-hour front desk. The Muncie Inn Motel is ideally situated one mile from Ball State University, the closest hotel available to campus. Guests will also enjoy this Muncie Inn Motel's proximity to a variety of area attractions including the Minnetristal Cultural Center, National Model Aviation Museum and the Muncie Sports Plex. Make an online reservation today and save at the Muncie Inn Motel! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Muncie Inn
