Wholesale furniture and mattress discount warehouse in Boston Massachusetts area Wholesale furniture and mattress discount warehouse in Boston Massachusetts area ↓ Skip to Main Content Menu Welcome to Northeast Furniture Direct! OPEN DAILY BY APPT ONLY Stock Is Very Limited And Is Sold At The Warehouse First Come First Served. No Phone Orders. If You Are Looking For A Specific Item Please Call Ahead To Confirm Availability. Delivery Services And Layaway Plans Available. N.E. Furniture is Massachusetts wholesale furniture and mattress clearance center offering factory direct pricing at. Located just South of Boston, we offer a complete line of brand name mattresses and specialty bedding, including memory foam mattress sets, bedroom sets, microfiber and leather living rooms, kitchen and formal dining room sets. All products are brand new in factory plastic and/or boxes with full manufacturers warranties. We are not a club, and we require no fees for you to visit, or buy. We are open to the general public, 7 days during scheduled hours or by appt. Why By Appt Only? We do business differently. To keep our overhead, and more importantly your prices low, we limit our open hours and serve our customers individually by appointment. You don't have to compete for the attention of a commissioned salesperson. You have access to our entire warehouse and catalog collections on a comfortable one to one basis. So we will help you find the furniture you desire at a price you can afford. And unlike the big name direct buy clubs, there are no membership fees, maintenance fees or high pressure sales tactics. Shop around, but when you are ready to make your purchase call us! Remember stock is limited and sold first come first served. FURNITURE & MATTRESS WAREHOUSE Bedrooms, Mattress, Sofas, Dining 30-60% Off COME VISIT OR CALL TO SCHEDULE A TIME, AND NEVER PAY RETAIL AGAIN!!!! LIMITED STOCK AVAILABLE Living Room Bookcases Cabinets / Consoles Chairs Chests Living Room Groupsets Lamps Loveseats Ottomans Recliners Sectionals Sleepers Sofas Tables Wedges Home Office Bookcases / Curios /Cupboards / Armoires Cabinets / Chests Chairs Desks Hutches Bedroom Armoires / Dressers / Cabinets Bookcases Beds / Headboards / Footboards / Canopy Frames / Rails Chairs Chests Desks Hutches Nightstands Table Lamps Vanity Tables / Mirrors Home Entertainment All Media Consoles and Wall Units Home Theatre Seating Outdoor Furniture Other Outdoor Products Patio Furniture Dining Room Servers / Buffets / Sideboards Cabinets Chairs Chests Hutches Mirrors Bar Stools Tables Home Accents Bedroom Ensembles Lamps Other Home Accents Pillows Rugs Throws Bathroom Armoire Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 NE Furniture Direct
