West Virginia Cabin Rentals, West Virginia Vacation Rentals West Virginia Cabin Rentals, West Virginia Vacation Rentals ↓ Skip to Main Content New River Falls Lodge Menu Welcome to New River Falls Lodge West Virginia Cabin Rentals and Falls Lodge Vacation Homes Located in the heart of the 80,000-land acre New River Gorge National River, near Hinton, WV. Join us this year for your vacation, family gathering, or romantic getaway. We offer a variety of West Virginia vacation rentals to meet all of your travel needs. Our Falls Lodge accommodations are early-American style with hardwood floors, central air and heat, gas fireplace, satellite TV, and spacious gathering areas. Three-room or four-room Falls Lodge units with private baths are available. Our two-bedroom rental cottages and cabins are bungalow-style, approximately 1500-square-foot units with gas fireplaces, a/c, electric heat, laundry centers, full kitchens with all major appliances, and rear decks with gas grills overlooking the river. From the moment you arrive at our Lodge, you will be engulfed in the natural beauty of the New River Falls Lodge. Based on the edge of the New River, the Lodge offers spectacular mountain and riverfront views. Nearby National Park observation decks offer guests excellent vistas and photo opportunities of the Falls of New River. The upper falls "Brooks" and the lower "Sandstone" are easily accessible via boardwalks. Sandstone Falls, the largest waterfall, spans the 1500-foot-wide New River, dropping 10–25 vertical feet as the river plummets over the sandstone bluffs. See the New River Gorge Bridge – the longest single arch span steel bridge in the Western Hemisphere, experience New River rafting, Gauley River rafting, or attend New River Gorge Bridge Day for some great parachuting action. Visit six West Virginia State Parks located within a 15-45 minute drive including; Bluestone Lake, Pipestem, Babcock, Camp Creek, Little Beaver Lake, and Grandview. As close to "Almost Heaven" as West Virginia can be, at the Lodge you can experience the peace and tranquility as you relax and escape your daily rigors. Sit at the river's edge and let your toes dangle in the water, enjoy some cold lemonade, sunbathe, read your favorite book, or just enjoy the view. Or choose to get into it and experience some of the best outdoor recreational activities available anywhere in the country. Our guests can enjoy use of the grounds, river, and complimentary activities including bikes, horseshoes, volleyball, and other yard game activities based at the Lodge. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 New River Falls Lodge
