Newtown, PA All Suites Hotel - Homewood Suites by Hilton Newtown - Langhorne [Skip to Content]Privacy Policy   Newtown - Langhorne 110 Pheasant Run, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940 Photo Gallery Map of Attractions Email Offers Reviews Home Location Accommodations Group Bookings Hotel Services Things to do Sesame Place Contact Us book now Check-In Check-Out Rooms Adults Children Book Now Homewood Suites by Hilton Newtown - Langhorne Reservation Specials & Packages It Pays to Stay Peddlers Village Urban Allure Spa welcome toHomewood Suites by HiltonNewtown - Langhorne Newtown All Suites Hotel - Homewood Suites by Hilton Newtown - Langhorne Rest easy in a spacious, modern suite and enjoy a host of complimentary amenities when you choose our upscale hotel in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Offering easy access to attractions in nearby New Hope, Langhorne and Philadelphia, our Newtown hotel is a smart choice for travelers looking for affordable, apartment-style lodging. All of our contemporary suites feature full kitchens with full size appliances, free WiFi, and premium TV channels. You'll also enjoy free hot breakfast, outdoor patio with fire pit, a 24-hour fitness center, and complimentary dinner Monday through Thursday evenings. Located Near New Hope, Langhorne and Philadelphia Situated in the historic destination of Newtown, Pennsylvania, our all-suites hotel is perfectly located to explore the many tourist attractions of Bucks County. Farms, vineyards, scenic rolling hills, unique shops, and tasty restaurants make this area a popular vacation spot for families, couples, and groups. Explore the historic downtown neighborhood from our Newtown hotel or travel to nearby Philadelphia for big city action. Spacious Suites with Full Kitchens Each of our contemporary suites is a peaceful oasis where you can relax, play, and work. Equipped with comfortable beds and plush linens, our suites feature full kitchens with utensils and cookware plus full size refrigerators, dishwashers and microwaves. You'll also have cable/satellite TV with premium channels and a DVD player, coffee maker, and free local calls. Clean and comfortable, our extended-stay suites also offer modern bathrooms with large vanities and complimentary toiletries. Free Hot Breakfast, Free Wi-Fi, Flexible Meeting Space Indulge in an incredible range of modern amenities at our all-suites hotel in Newtown, including free hot breakfast each morning and a free dinner buffet with drinks Monday through Thursday nights. Enjoy free WiFi throughout your stay, along with our sparkling indoor pool and relaxing outdoor patio area with fire pit and barbecue grills. We also offer a 24-hour fitness center, laundry facilities, business center, and flexible meeting space for all types and sizes of events. Bucks County Attractions Discover a scenic and diverse region of Pennsylvania when you visit Newtown, a historic city with a quaint downtown area for shopping, dining, and entertainment. Nearby you'll find fun things to do and interesting attractions, including Sesame Place for family adventures, shopping at Peddler's Village, horse racing and gaming at Parx Casino, and exciting fitness and recreation opportunities at the Newtown Athletic Club. This area hosts exciting festivals and special events throughout the year, and all the sites of Philadelphia are just a short 30 minute drive away. featured special lowest rates guaranteed Hotel Reviews A Pleasure to Stay Here 0 reviews Read | Write Oversized suites with full kitchens, free hot breakfast, outdoor patio with fire pit & free Wi-Fi Homewood Suites by Hilton Newtown - Langhorne Located at 110 Pheasant Run, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940 Phone: 1-215-860-5080  |  Fax: 1-215-860-5070 Email: avpnw_ds@hilton.com  |  http://www.newtownlanghornesuites.com/           Specials & Packages   |   Newtown Attractions   |   ADA Compliance   |   Site Map This Web site is for an individual hotel managed by Homewood Suites by Hilton Newtown - Langhorne. You may obtain further information regarding Hilton hotels at www.hilton.com Privacy Policy Website design, hosting & hotel internet marketing by Milestone Internet Marketing, Inc. Book Now
