Norcross Inn and Suites ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Guest Rooms Amenities Location Contact Reservations Home Norcross Inn and Suites 6650 Bay Circle Norcross, Georgia 30071 Norcross Inn and Suites is located in the center of the acclaimed Technology Park, on Peachtree Industrial Boulevard, three miles North of I-285 (exit 31B). Conveniently residing just minutes from the bustling nightlife of Buckhead in Midtown, and the daytime fun at Gwinnett Place Mall, the newly renovated Norcross Inn and Suites boasts a close proximity to many attractions within the city such as, Tech Park, North Atlanta Trade Center, and the Civic Center. With the heart of Atlanta less than 25 miles away, Norcross Inn and Suites offers easy access to Atlanta’s famed Georgia Aquarium, Coca Cola Factory, Turner Field and Zoo Atlanta. Located at the nearest MARTA station, public transportation is available. The Norcross Inn and Suites features a complimentary breakfast, an outdoor pool, free high-speed WiFi, and business center. Enjoy our historic surroundings, of picturesque brick buildings, classic southern architecture, and the antebellum mansions and victorian style homes. Norcross Inn and Suites’ unique locational advantage allows perfect distance to appreciate the quaint qualities of Atlanta's outskirts, and still be entertained by world-class destinations like Centennial Olympic Park, and Underground Atlanta. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact © 2017 Norcross Inn and Suites
