Welcome to the Norman Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Norman Hotel Home Room Types Amenities Local Highlights & Nearby Attractions Meeting Spaces Location Contact Reservations Home Welcome to the Norman Hotel 1000 North Interstate Drive, Norman, OK 73072 Bursting with Sooner pride, the city of Norman is rich in culture, art, and history. Come discover all that this hospitable community has to offer from the comfortable accommodations at the Norman Hotel. Whether you're here for business or pleasure, were sure to have all the amenities you need for a carefree trip. With so many of the areas top corporations within a mile of the hotel, were an ideal choice for business travelers. Endless attractions also await our hotels guests in Norman, OK. Were just minutes from the University of Oklahoma, making us an ideal choice for guests heading to Sooner sporting events. On campus, there are first-rate museums that the family can enjoy, including the Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History and the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art. As a guest of the Norman Hotel, you'll enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast and have access to the most convenient amenities. You can take a refreshing swim with the kids in the indoor pool or experience an invigorating workout in the fitness center. With over 7,000 square feet of flexible meeting space, our hotel is the perfect place to host your next meeting, party, or event. We look forward to your next visit to Norman, OK! Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Norman Hotel
