Welcome to the Northern Neck Inn and Hotel Warsaw Virginia Welcome to the Northern Neck Inn and Hotel Warsaw Virginia ↓ Skip to Main Content Northern Neck Inn Menu Welcome to NORTHERN NECK INN Warsaw! Stay at this Warsaw hotel located in the 'Northern Neck' of Virginia. The NORTHERN NECK INN Warsaw is surrounded by the Rappahannock River, Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay in Virginia. The hotel offers easy access to well-known historic attractions including Stratford Hall Plantation (home of Robert E. Lee), Mary Ball Museum (George Washington's mother), and George Washington's birthplace. The Northern Neck Inn is the gateway to the Northern Neck and to the Wine Trail; the area features an abundance of golf, hunting, fishing, camping, and other outdoor recreational opportunities. Hotel guests will appreciate the variety of nearby dining and shopping options. Each well-appointed guest room features free high-speed Internet access, cable satellite television, free long distance access, iron and ironing board, coffee/tea maker and hairdryer. Other hotel amenities include a deluxe continental breakfast, free coffee and newspaper, an outdoor swimming pool and exercise room. The Northern Neck Inn is owner managed and takes pride in its friendly service and dedication to hospitality and cleanliness. Our staff is ready to ensure a comfortable and memorable stay. Make an online reservation today and save at this Warsaw hotel! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Northern Neck Inn
