Penns Woods Inn - Manheim Hotels near hershey park Penns Woods Inn - Manheim Hotels near hershey park ↓ Skip to Main Content Penns Woods Inn Menu Welcome to Penns Woods Inn Near Hersheypark, Renaissance Fair and Mount Hope Estate & Winery The Penns Woods Inn is conveniently located off the Pennsylvania Turnpike (Interstate 76), less than one mile from the Mount Hope Estate & Winery. Pennsylvania Dutch Country is within 25 miles. This Manheim, PA hotel is 12 miles from Hershey attractions, including Hersheypark amusement park and Hershey's Chocolate World theme park. The Harrisburg International Airport is 24 miles and the Franklin & Marshall College is 15 miles away. Surrounded by beautiful woodlands, the hotel is near several historic sites, including the Cornwall Iron Furnace, the Landis Valley Museum and Ephrata Cloister, one of America's earliest religious communities. Park City Center, the largest enclosed shopping mall in south-central Pennsylvania, is 13 miles away. A wide variety of restaurants and cocktail lounges are within walking distance. A Manheim Hotels near Hershey Park Guests will enjoy many amenities, including: Attractions: Hershey Park and Chocolate Factory Renaissance Fair Manheim Auto Auction Quentin Riding Club Lebanon Expo Fairground Amish Country Sight & Sound Theater Dutch Wonderland The Giant Center Hershey Auto Show Mt. Hope Estate and Winery Mt. Gretna Playhouse Amenities: Pet Friendly Free High Speed Wireless Internet Free Breakfast Seasonal Outdoor Pool King Beds Refrigerator & Microwave Weekly Rates and Monthly Rates Available Coin Laundry Smoking & Non Smoking Rooms This Manheim, PA hotel provides business travelers with conveniences like access to a fax machine and competitive corporate rates. All spacious guest rooms include cable television and forest views. In addition to standard rooms, handicap accessible and non-smoking rooms are available. This is a pet-friendly hotel; a small fee is required. Discounts are available for seniors, AAA members, bowlers and groups needing 14 rooms or more. The friendly customer service and relaxing accommodations make the Penns Woods Inn a great hotel for anyone visiting the Hershey and Amish country area. We look forward to seeing you soon. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Penns Woods Inn
