PIKE LAKE RESORT ↓ Skip to Main Content Pike Lake Resort Home Amenities Events Local Attractions Location Contact Reservations Home PIKE LAKE RESORT The Perfect Getaway - Whether it be for Dining or an Overnight, Weekend or Weeklong Stay The Perfect Getaway - Whether it be for Dining or an Overnight, Weekend or Weeklong Stay Welcome to Pike Lake Resort in Hatley, Wisconsin - "the Hidden Gem" of Central Wisconsin. It is the perfect destination for locals and travelers alike looking for dining and lodging relaxation and comfort, or those looking for adventure. Whatever you are looking for, Pike Lake Resort is the perfect choice. The Pike Lake Resort is located on Pike Lake, the largest lake in Marathon County. The newly renovated cabins and bar / restaurant are just steps away from the lake. The Resort is on a major snowmobile trail, is within 15 miles of a casino, and 18 miles from Granite Peak Ski Mountain. Loaded with comforts and amenities, the Pike Lake Resort is not only the finest choice in lodging and casual dining, it is an outstanding value. 4500 sq. ft 3-Level Renovated Bar and Restaurant Indoor and Outdoor Seating All With a View Overlooking the Lake Food Prepared by Culinary Trained Executive and Sous Chefs 4-Renovated Year-Round Cabins Overlooking the Lake with Fishing, Pontoon and Paddle Boats Available Leave your stress behind and immerse yourself in unparalleled fun and relaxation at Pike Lake Resort Cabin Rentals >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Pike Lake Resort
