Plaza Motel ↓ Skip to Main Content Plaza Inn Peabody Home Amenities Things To Do Location Contact Reservations Menu WELCOME TO PLAZA MOTEL 125 Newbury Street, Peabody, MA 01960 Welcome to the Plaza Motel, a comfortable and convenient hotel in Peabody, MA with all the amenities you need for a great night and a good morning. Located on Route 1 North, we’re just across the street from the Logan Express Terminal and only 20 minutes from Logan Airport. Use us as your home base when exploring Salem or Seacoast, just 10 minutes away. When you stay at our Peabody, MA hotel, you’re also within a 10-minute drive of two shopping malls - including Northshore Mall -- and many restaurants. Red’s Kitchen is within easy walking distance, plus you can enjoy a great meal nearby at sonic & Wendy's fast food restaurant, Bertucci’s, Naked Fish, Santarpios Pizza and the well-regarded chain restaurant Outback Steakhouse. Our most requested and most utilized amenity is the free wifi, available in all areas of the property. We also have rooms with spa tubs available, and microwaves and refrigerators are provided for your use in some rooms. All rooms offer a television and simple furnishings that will more than meet your needs. We feature 24-hour front desk service so you can check in and get desk clerk service whenever you need it. Weekly rates are available, and three-night and four-night discount packages are available too. No matter how you choose to book or what rate you choose, you’ll find our prices are exceptionally reasonable. And because we have rooms available, we’re very like to have space for you at any time. Our commitment to service extends to all types of guests. That’s why we feature front desk service in English, Spanish and Hindi for your convenience. We try to reach out to as many people with our convenience and value as possible. Perhaps our top selling point is the friendliness of our staff and the hospitality we provide to all guests. We know you have hotel choices in and near Peabody, Massachusetts, and we very much appreciate your decision to stay with us. We aim to treat you right when you choose this hotel -- and we hope our commitment shows in everything we do. How may we serve you today? Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Plaza Inn Peabody
