President Palace Hotel Bangkok | Official Website President Palace Hotel Bangkok | Official Website ↓ Skip to Main Content President Palace Hotel Menu PRESIDENT PALACE HOTEL, SUKHUMVIT 11 Expect More from a Luxury Hotel in Sukhumvit Bangkok…. The President Palace Hotel is an exciting and modern deluxe hotel located on Sukhumvit Soi 11 in downtown Bangkok, which offers you a unique experience which Thailand has to offer, with one of the most vibrant nightlife in the city with number of bars and restaurants just seconds away. With 236 spacious rooms to choose from ranging from Superior, Deluxe, Superior Club, and Deluxe Club categories, all rooms offer contemporary furnishing and a full range of modern amenities to serve both business and leisure travelers. For the discerning business travelers, President Palace Hotel offers 60 spacious Superior and Deluxe Club rooms located at the top floors of the hotel for a great view of the city and equipped with all the right connections, fully stocked mini bar, unlimited WiFi Internet access, writing desk, VOIP telephone and IPTV, daily breakfast and evening cocktails at the Club Lounge on the 16th floor. Facilities and services include Swimming pool, Fitness Centre, Business Centre, and Indoor Car Park with 24-Hour Security, 24-Hour Room Service, Limousine and Tour Service and Dining and Banqueting. President Palace Hotel boasts a Starbucks coffee shop in the lobby area, where you can have your favorite rich-brewed coffees, Italian-style espresso beverages and cold blended beverages, all in the comfort of the hotel. We offer exclusive deals only available in our own website! So choose a deal for you and Book Now! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 President Palace Hotel
