Rainbow Log Cabin Rentals Rainbow Log Cabin Rentals ↓ Skip to Main Content Rainbow Log Cabin Rentals Menu Welcome to Rainbow Log Cabins Gatlinburg, TN SMOKYS DELIGHT Smoky's Delight is located in the heart of Gatlinburg, walking distance to the Gatlinburg Trolley and all that downtown has to offer, and yet it offers a cozy tranquil setting. Perfect for a romantic getaway for two and spacious enough for a family of four, Smoky's Delight offers every amenity to make your Gatlinburg getaway a success. Relax in front of warm fireplace and watch your favorite show or the latest DVD on the 32" flat panel TV. Unwind in your own hot tub or rock your cares away on the screened-in porch while enjoying the sounds of nature. The master bedroom comes complete with a king bed, jetted tub for two and 26" flat panel TV. For even more entertaiment, move up to the loft game room complete with pool table, multigame arcade game and 32" flat panel TV. Whatever your plans, be sure they include Smoky's Delight. UNFORGETTABLE MOMENTS Unforgettable Moments is located in the heart of Gatlinburg, walking distance to either the Gatlinburg Trolley and all that downtown has to offer, and yet it offers a cozy tranquil setting. Perfect for a romantic getaway for two and spacious enough for a family of four, Unforgettable Moments offers every amenity to make your Gatlinburg getaway a success. Relax in front of warm fireplace, unwind in your own hot tub or rock your cares away on the screened-in porch. The master bedroom comes complete with a king bed and jetted tub for two while the upper level bedroom offers a queen bed and private bath. Whatever your plans, be sure they include Unforgettable Moments. OUR TIME Come and spend a little time at Our Time, a true log home located just 3 minutes from downtown Gatlinburg and the main entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Recently updated to offer every desirable amenity, this cabin offers both comfort and convenience for either a romantic getaway for two or small family vacation. Relax in front of the stone gas fireplace on a winter's evening and watch your favorite BluRay movie on the 42" TV, or even better, kick back in your own "home theater" with a 52" TV and home theater surround sound system. For those that like to be a little more comfortable, there is a second BluRay player in the king bedroom with another 42" TV. After a day of sightseeing or hiking in the Park, come back to rock your cares away on the screened in porch, or take a soak in your private hot tub with the foothills as your backdrop. Call to reserve it today! CUDDLY BEAR Cuddly Bear is the perfect choice for your Smoky Mountain Honeymoon or vacation for two. This beautiful log cabin is located in the heart of the Great Smoky Mountains and is close to downtown Gatlinburg, restaurants, craft shops, and all area attractions. Here you will enjoy privacy and tranquility in a peaceful natural setting. You can relax in front of a cozy fireplace or unwind in your indoor jetted tub. With just a 15 minute ride to Dollywood and just 10 minutes to the Gatlinburg Community center or the main entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the Cuddly Bear cabin is perfect for your special mountain getaway! HAPPILY EVER AFTER Happily Ever After is the perfect choice for your Smoky Mountain Honeymoon or vacation for two. This beautiful log cabin is located in the heart of the Great Smoky Mountains and is close to downtown Gatlinburg, restaurants, craft shops, and all area attractions. Here you will enjoy privacy and tranquility in a peaceful natural setting. You can relax in front of a cozy fireplace or unwind in your indoor jetted tub. With just a 15 minute ride to Dollywood and just 10 minutes to the Gatlinburg Community center or the main entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the Happily Ever After cabin is perfect for your special mountain getaway! HONEY BEAR Honey Bear is the perfect choice for your Smoky Mountain Honeymoon or vacation for two. This beautiful log cabin is located in the heart of the Great Smoky Mountains and is close to downtown Gatlinburg, restaurants, craft shops, and all area attractions. Here you will enjoy privacy and tranquility in a peaceful natural setting. You can relax in front of a cozy fireplace or unwind in your indoor jetted tub. With just a 15 minute ride to Dollywood and just 10 minutes to the Gatlinburg Community center or the main entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the Honey Bear cabin is perfect for your special mountain getaway! LITTLE SMOKY Little Smoky is the perfect choice for your Smoky Mountain Honeymoon or vacation for two. This beautiful log cabin is located in the heart of the Great Smoky Mountains and is close to downtown Gatlinburg, restaurants, craft shops, and all area attractions. Here you will enjoy privacy and tranquility in a peaceful natural setting. You can relax in front of a cozy fireplace or unwind in your indoor jetted tub. With just a 15 minute ride to Dollywood and just 10 minutes to the Gatlinburg Community center or the main entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the Little Smoky cabin is perfect for your special mountain getaway! LOVERS RETREAT Lover's Retreat is the perfect choice for your Smoky Mountain Honeymoon or vacation for two. This beautiful log cabin is located in the heart of the Great Smoky Mountains and is close to downtown Gatlinburg, restaurants, craft shops, and all area attractions. Here you will enjoy privacy and tranquility in a peaceful natural setting. You can relax in front of a cozy fireplace or unwind in your indoor jetted tub. With just a 15 minute ride to Dollywood and just 10 minutes to the Gatlinburg Community center or the main entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the Lover's Retreat cabin is perfect for your special mountain getaway! PEACEFUL ROMANCE Peaceful Romance is the perfect choice for your Smoky Mountain Honeymoon or vacation for two. This beautiful log cabin is located in the heart of the Great Smoky Mountains and is close to downtown Gatlinburg, restaurants, craft shops, and all area attractions. Here you will enjoy privacy and tranquility in a peaceful natural setting. You can relax in front of a cozy fireplace or unwind in your indoor jetted tub. With just a 15 minute ride to Dollywood and just 10 minutes to the Gatlinburg Community center or the main entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the Peaceful Romance cabin is perfect for your special mountain getaway! A SLICE HEAVEN A Slice of Heaven is located in the heart of Gatlinburg, walking distance to the Gatlinburg Trolley and all that downtown has to offer and yet it offers a cozy tranquil setting. Perfect for a romantic getaway for two and spacious enough for a family of six, A Slice of Heaven offers every amenity to make your Gatlinburg getaway a success. Relax in front of warm fireplace, unwind in your own hot tub or rock your cares away on the screened-in porch. The master bedroom comes complete with a king bed and jetted tub for two while the upper level bedroom offers two queen beds. Whatever your plans, be sure they include A Slice of Heaven HIBERNATION HIDEAWAY Hibernation Hideaway is nestled on a hillside with a view of the Smoky Mountains, in a small log home community setting just five minutes from downtown Gatlinburg. Specially designed to be a romantic getaway for two, Hibernation Hideaway offers a cozy romantic setting that is just a short walk from the Gatlinburg Community Center which offers many activities including an indoor junior olympic swimming pool, 8 bowling lanes, 4 racquetball courts, walking track, pool tables and much more. Drift away to the sounds of nature in your hot tub after a day of hiking or relax indoors in your jetted tub for two while gazing at a beautiful fire. Either way, begin your Smoky Mountain vacation in the Hibernation Hideaway - reserve it today! MOONLIGHT ROMANCE Moonlight Romance is nestled on a hillside with a view of the Smoky Mountains, in a small log home community setting just five minutes from downtown Gatlinburg. Specially designed to be a romantic getaway for two, Moonlight Romance offers a cozy romantic setting that is just a short walk from the Gatlinburg Community Center which offers many activities including an indoor junior olympic swimming pool, 8 bowling lanes, 4 racquetball courts, walking track, pool tables and much more. Drift away to the sounds of nature in your hot tub after a day of hiking or relax indoors in your jetted tub for two while gazing at a beautiful fire. Either way, begin your Smoky Mountain vacation in the Moonlight Romance - reserve it today! SECRET RENDEZVOUS Secret Rendezvous is nestled on a hillside with a view of the Smoky Mountains, in a small log home community setting just five minutes from downtown Gatlinburg. Specially designed to be a romantic getaway for two, Secret Rendezvous offers a cozy romantic setting that is just a short walk from the Gatlinburg Community Center which offers many activities including an indoor junior olympic swimming pool, 8 bowling lanes, 4 racquetball courts, walking track, pool tables and much more. Drift away to the sounds of nature in your hot tub after a day of hiking or relax indoors in your jetted tub for two while gazing at a beautiful fire. Either way, begin your Smoky Mountain vacation in the Secret Rendezvous - reserve it today! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2017 Rainbow Log Cabin Rentals
