Ramada Yuma Chilton Conference Center Yuma Arizona Hotels Motels ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Activities Amenities Directions Rooms Contact Reservations Home Welcome to Ramada Yuma Chilton Conference Center 300 East 32nd Street, Yuma, Az The Ramada Chilton Conference Center provides the Greater Yuma, Arizona area with all of the convenience of a full-service hotel, including over 4,500 sq. ft. of conference space. Yuma, Arizona stands at the crossroads of Arizona, California, and Mexico. It is a city that is rich in the history of the Old West and is full of attractions from that era. Lake Martinez is roughly one half hour from the hotel, and is a favorite for water sports of all kinds. The famous Imperial Dunes area, featured in the movie Star Wars, is only 20 minutes away. Our location, only one mile from Yuma International Airport and only two miles from the Marine Air Corps Station Yuma, makes us a favorite with corporate, leisure, and military travelers. At the Ramada Chilton Conference Center, we specialize in catering to the needs of government employees and government contractors. Both Wireless and Wired High Speed Internet Access is available, and is free to all guests. The hotel is set in a pleasant, residential area, yet is close to all Yuma restaurants and attractions. The comfort in our rooms is unsurpassed as we offer some of the best lodging in western Arizona. Some of our most requested features include our Full Hot Breakfast Buffet which is free to all guests, Free Access and Free Shuttle to Club Yuma Fitness Center including racquetball, basketball, tennis, swimming pool, spa, sauna and massage. All rooms are equipped with coffeemakers, hair dryers, iron and board, and feature our new San Francisco Soap Company Bath amenities. All bathrooms are equipped with the Ramada Signature Curved Shower Curtain and the Moen Revolution Shower head. Full Service Hotel Free Airport Shuttle Free Full Hot Breakfast Buffet Free High Speed Internet Business Center Cactus Rose Family Restaurant, Dining at it's Best The Dew Drop In Pub.....Drinks, Food, Fun! Heated Year Round Outdoor Pooland Spa in Beautiful Courtyard Setting. Club Yuma Fitness Center- Free Accessibility and Transportation Conference Center contains over 4,500 sq ft of meeting space, banquet facilities, catering, and table setup. Expanded Cable TV featuring HBO, CNN, ESPN Fridge, Microwave, In Room Coffee, Hair Dryer, Board & Iron. Pets Allowed- $25.00 Non-Refundable Fee Per Stay Weddings Meetings Events Banquets Facilities Yuma Az: Ramada Chilton Conference Center can take the worry out of all your event planning from conferences and meetings, conventions and seminars, luncheons, and parties to weddings and quinceneras. Offering several rooms of varying sizes Ramada can accommodate all requirements for any occasion. Shopping Retail Stores Clothes Yuma Arizona : Yuma Arizona Specialty Shopping: AhYo Arts AhYo Arts offers a variety of Hawaiian themed artwork including art prints, painted gourds. Peanut Patch The Peanut Patch offers hundreds of different candies and natural snacks. Gift boxes and baskets. Sprague's Sports A full line shooting sports retailer offering a large selection of firearms and offers an indoor. And many more! City Government Business Yuma Arizona : City Administration staff manage the City's resources to implement City Council goals and objectives, to meet the needs of City of Yuma residents and visitors, and to View more about City Administration. Golf Courses Tee Time Green Fees Pro Yuma Arizona : With sunshine to spare and beautiful scenery in all directions, golf in Yuma is a natural. Over the years, our area has earned high marks from experts like Golf Digest magazine, in part because the ratio of courses to population keeps the sport so affordable. With 16 diverse area courses offering a total of 234 holes, every golfer can find the right match, whether seeking a challenge or just some low-key recreation. Downtown Attractions Dining Shopping Yuma Arizona : Yuma River Tours, Adair Park, Center of the World, Cibola National Wildlife Refuge and lots more to enjoy! Dining Restaurants Cuisine Fast Food Yuma Arizona : Yuma's always been diverse community - and that diversity is reflected in our dining and nightlife options. Whether you're an "adventure eater" who craves authentic street food or an aspiring gourmet, you won't go hungry. Casinos Gambling Indian Gaming Winnings Slots Yuma Arizona : At Cocopah, venues are the River Room and The Park, a family-friendly outdoor venue that hosts everything from music to fireworks. At The Q, there's live music every weekend at Sidewinders Lounge, while the 20,000 square foot Pipa Event Center is large enough to host legends like Willie Nelson, the Doobie Brothers, Trace Atkins, Foreigner, Dwight Yoakam and Blondie. Airport Yuma Arizona International Flights Arrival Gate Information : ( YUM ) Yuma International Airport Airport Operations are available 7 days a week, 9 am to 6 pm Office 928-726-5882 Ext. 160 Activities Attractions Hiking Boating Bicycling Yuma Arizona : Yuma's geography shaped the Southwest. Because this was the safest spot to cross the Colorado River, all roads led to Yuma for travelers from Spanish explorers to Okies fleeing the Dust Bowl. Today Yuma is a vibrant multicultural community that celebrates its rich heritage, surrounded by wide-open spaces and pristine desert scenery - all with a river running through it. With more sunshine than any other city on earth, Yuma is a natural for all kinds of outdoor activities, from boating to golf to off-roading. Plan a visit around one of our great festivals or take a day trip south of the border. And when the sun goes down, you'll still find plenty to do, including gaming at three great Casinos. With so much to do, you'll want to stick around - and we've got accommodations for every budget, from more 23,000 RV spots to nearly 4,000 hotel rooms. Ramada Yuma Chilton Conference Center Yuma Arizona Yuma hotels Ramada Yuma Chilton Conference Center Yuma Arizona Yuma hotels Az Ramada Yuma Chilton Conference Center Yuma Arizona Yuma hotels motels and lodging Ramada Yuma Chilton Conference Center Yuma Arizona Yuma accommodations Inn Ramada Yuma Chilton Conference Center Yuma Arizona Yuma Hotel Motel Book Online Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact © 2017 Ramada Inn Yuma
