Ramada Peoria / Glendale Hotel and Conference Center ↓ Skip to Main Content Ramada Inn Peoria Home Ramada Peoria / Glendale Hotel and Conference Center 8955 W Grand Ave, Peoria, AZ Ramada Peoria/Glendale Hotel and Conference Center Hotel Details Welcome to the Ramada Peoria/Glendale Hotel and Convention Center. This is the place to relax whether for business or leisure. We are conveniently located off the Loop 101 Freeway with easy access to shopping, dining, and both major event venues in Glendale - The University of Phoenix Arizona Cardinals Stadium and Jobing.com Arena, a nationally renowned concert facility and home to the Phoenix Coyotes of the NHL. Centrally located between Arrowhead Towne Center and Westgate City Center, we are just minutes away from downtown Phoenix. The Peoria, Surprise, and Maryvale MLB Spring Training stadiums are all within 6 miles or less. The Ramada Peoria/Glendale Hotel and Convention Center has been fully remodeled for your enjoyment and comfort. Our staff provides exceptional guest services that will exceed all your expectations. Enjoy our complimentary Executive Continental Breakfast located in the Desert Rose Restaurant. The Matchbox Sports Bar and Grill offers Off Track Betting for horses and dogs, Poker every Friday night, and Karaoke every Saturday. The Ramada features a beautiful courtyard and outdoor pool area and extensive event banquet space in the Sedona and Garden Terrace rooms. Full service catering is also available for your event. The Ramada proudly provides free wireless high speed internet access, a guest business center, heated outdoor swimming pool, fitness center and Interior Corridors. Amenities Highspeed Internet Parking Restaurant Non-smoking Rooms Safe/Vault Meeting/Banquet Facilities Business Centre Spa & Wellness Centre Bar/Lounge   Search Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact © 2017 Ramada Inn Peoria
