Residence Inn Louisville East Hotel Residence Inn Louisville East Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Residence Inn Louisville East Menu Residence Inn by Marriott Louisville East Hotel The Residence Inn by Marriott Louisville East hotel is an upscale all suite extended stay hotel in the eastern Louisville Kentucky area. This residential style apartment hotel is about twelve miles from downtown Louisville and the Louisville International Airport (SDF). The Residence Inn by Marriott Louisville East hotel is ideally located near several area highways such as Interstates 64, 264 and 265 on the east side of Louisville. The University of Louisville Shelby Campus is directly across the street as are several office buildings with major corporations. Our extended stay apartment style hotel with residential type units is near many modern conveniences such as grocery stores and two major malls: Mall St. Matthews and Oxmoor Center. Everything you need while in the area is at your doorstep. Nearby area attractions include Sawyer Park, Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom® and more are within close proximity. Our hotel is less than twelve miles from Downtown Louisville and attractions such as the Louisville Slugger Museum and Factory, Fourth Street Live shopping, the Muhammad Ali Museum, Louisville Science and IMAX Center and much more. The most famous Louisville attraction, Churchill Downs is quite accessible using the freeway system. No matter why you visit Louisville Kentucky, the Residence Inn by Marriott® Louisville East is your best choice for overnight accommodations in a suite. Each suite at the Residence Inn by Marriott Louisville East include the following amenities: Fully Equipped Kitchen High-Speed Internet Access Luxurious Marriott Bedding Hometouch Hot Breakfast Complimentary Passes to Premier Health Club Marriott Rewards Points When your travels to the Louisville area require large upscale suites with kitchens, then the Residence Inn by Marriott® is ready and waiting for you! Best of all, we're a proud member of the Marriott family of hotels where service is an art and where you can earn valuable Marriott Rewards hotel points, as well. So, on your next visit to Louisville Kentucky, enjoy the comforts of home at the Residence Inn by Marriott Louisville East! Current Rates and Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Residence Inn Louisville East
