Residence Inn - Residence Inn - ↓ Skip to Main Content Residence Inn Residence Inn Boston Harbor on Tudor Wharf 34-44 Charles River Avenue Boston Massachusetts 02129 Welcome to Residence Inn by Marriott Boston Harbor on Tudor Wharf The rich history of our nation is at your doorstep when you stay at the Residence Inn by Marriott Boston Harbor on Tudor Wharf in lovely Charlestown, Massachusetts. This AAA 3-diamond, pet-friendly hotel has 168 suites and is conveniently located just one half mile from downtown Boston and the TD Banknorth Garden, home of the Boston Bruins, 2011 Stanley Cup Champions. This hotel has 450 square feet of meeting space available with wireless Internet access, a heated indoor swimming pool, and a complimentary hot breakfast buffet served daily. In our rooms you’ll enjoy separate areas for sleeping, living, and eating, in addition to a fully equipped kitchen.  Ask to upgrade to our PURE allergy friendly hotel room for maximum comfort. Whether you’re traveling for business or pleasure, let the Residence Inn by Marriott Boston Harbor on Tudor Wharf be your home-away-from-home. Each suite includes: Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, stovetop and coffee maker Internet browser/Web TV CNN, ESPC, HBO, Cable TV Movies/videos pay-per-view Video games and players for rent High-speed Internet access, wired and wireless Two-line telephone with voicemail The Residence Inn by Marriott Boston Harbor on Tudor Wharf is only steps away from the following attractions and landmarks: Freedom Trail USS Constitution Bunker Hill Monument Boston’s North End TD Banknorth Garden Museum of Science Faneull Hall Boston Theatre District Planning a wedding or special event?  The Residence Inn by Marriott Boston Harbor on Tudor Wharf is the perfect venue for your special occasion. Let the hotel's scenic Pier overlooking Boston Harbor serve as the setting for your memorable occasion. When it’s time to unwind, take a dip in our indoor heated pool and spa or work out in our 24-hour fitness center. The Residence Inn by Marriott Boston Harbor on Tudor Wharf is a pet friendly hotel, so bring the pooch! Booking and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Reservations Contact © 2017 Residence Inn ↑ Responsive Theme powered by WordPress
