Hotels in Fond du Lac WI | Retlaw Plaza Hotel | Wisconsin Hotels in Fond du Lac WI | Retlaw Plaza Hotel | Wisconsin ↓ Skip to Main Content Retlaw Hotel Home Rooms Deluxe Rooms Mini Suites Jacuzzi Suites Executive Suites Amenities Meetings Weddings Fitness Restaurant Attractions Directions Contact Reservations Menu The Retlaw Plaza Hotel Fond du Lac, WI What do Eleanor Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, Alice Cooper, Paul Newman, Tom Cruise, Gilbert Brown from the Green Bay Packers, and the Oak Ridge Boys have in common? They all have taken a holiday to experience the comfort and elegance of our historic hotel. As soon as you step into our grand, two story lobby with crystal chandeliers, to the time you retire for the evening in the comfort of your guest room, you will feel right at home at the Retlaw Plaza. Fond du Lac's premiere hotel combines the elegance of the old with 21st century technology, including wireless internet powered by Ethostream, which is accessible throughout the hotel. The Retlaw Plaza is a historic landmark, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Shopping, entertainment and restaurants are just a few steps from our entrance, yet we are conveniently located within two miles of major Highways 41, 23 and 151, making it easily accessible from Milwaukee, Madison, the Fox Cities and Chicago. We are just a short drive away through the heart of Wisconsin's beautiful farm country. Whether you are eating dinner in our elegant Cibo Steaks & Spirits restaurant, attending a wedding or conference in our beautiful Crystal Ballroom, enjoying a drink with friends in our MidTown Pub, or promoting a healthy lifestyle in our Ramada Health Club, we are sure you will enjoy all the amenities our property has to offer. The Retlaw Plaza Hotel has been pleasing guests since the 1920s and now wants the opportunity to please you. The Fond du Lac area and the Retlaw Plaza are the perfect place to spend a relaxing holiday with the entire family, yet conveniently located for the busy executive. We work hard to ensure you will enjoy your days with us! Online Reservations Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. © 2017 Retlaw Hotel ↑ Responsive Theme powered by WordPress
