Welcome to Royale Inn | Lake Wales, Florida Welcome to Royale Inn | Lake Wales, Florida ↓ Skip to Main Content Royale Inn Lake Wales Menu Welcome to The Royale Inn Lake Wales Florida The Royale Inn is convenient to Bok Tower Gardens (3.5 miles) and Spook Hill, Eagle Ridge Mall (5 miles) and LEGOLAND. Located on US 27 in Lake Wales, Florida, between downtown and the Mall. We're only two minutes from the downtown Lake Wales National Historic District, and only minutes from Winter Haven and Haines City. With handy access to the Disney complex, and most major attractions, the Red Carpet Inn offers a great central location for business or holiday. We are delighted to have you as our guest, and we wish to make your stay with us as enjoyable and comfortable as possible. While you are our guest, we want you to feel that The Royale Inn is your “home away from home”. If there is anything we have overlooked or we can be of assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact the Front Desk or any Manager. Your comfort is our top priority! So that you are familiar with our inn and services, please read this Guest Directory at your convenience. We have also included information and highlights on the area’s services and attractions. Our commitment to quality and service is what we want you to experience, and we hope that your stay will be an enjoyable one! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Royale Inn Lake Wales
