Welcome to the Rustic Wolf Inn Welcome to the Rustic Wolf Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Rustic Wolf Inn Menu Welcome to Rustic Wolf Inn Serving: Appleton, Oshkosh, Green Bay, Waupaca, Fox Cities Why stay in hotels in Green Bay, Oshkosh or Appleton or Black Creek? Do you need a handicapped accessible room? You'll find the Rustic Wolf Inn just minutes away from Romy's Nitingale restaurant in Black Creek.Also with in minutes from the cities of Appleton, Oshkosh and Green Bay. From our convenient, quiet location, you can enjoy shopping at the Fox River Mall, a baseball game at the Timber Rattlers Stadium or drive to Green Bay to catch a Packer Game or visit the Hall of Fame. You can also choose from a wide range of summertime festivals and events. Think of us if you need a hotel room for the Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA)l Manawa Rodeo, Country USA, Lifest and more! When you're done sightseeing, festival-going and event-hopping, come and relax in the peace and quiet Shiocton offers—away from the busy city. The Rustic Wolf Inn is a newly remodeled hotel/inn located on River Street in Shiocton, Wisconsin. Shiocton is centrally located between Waupaca, Green Bay Shawano and the Fox Valley on the Interstate Highways 54 & 76. The Rustic Inn overlooks the Wolf River, which has great fishing, boating and canoeing. Sportman will find many public hunting lands nearby, where they can deer hun with shot gun or bow and arrow. Very quiet country roads are ready for you to ride--bring your bicycle and enjoy the countryside. If you are into canoeing, you can bring or rent a canoe and put it in right behind the Rustic Wolf Inn. Enjoy the Wolf River at its best! The Rustic Wolf Inn is complete with three, non-smoking, 1 bedroom suites. Each suite includes a kitchenette, bathroom. cable television and FREE high speed wireless Internet. All beds, tables, counters and chairs are handmade with logs and beautiful pine slabs. There is a large deck on the back side of the Rustic Wolf Inn overlooking the scenic Wolf River. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Rustic Wolf Inn
