Sandman Motel – Tremonton Utah Sandman Motel – Tremonton Utah ↓ Skip to Main Content Sandman Motel Utah Menu WELCOME TO THE SANDMAN MOTEL! Tremonton, UT The Sandman Motel is your comfortable on-the-way hotel, conveniently located in Tremonton, UT. If you are a business traveler, a family in the process of moving, a snowbird or if you just need a place to stay, stop by and get a pleasant night’s sleep at the Sandman Motel, where you’ll find the most affordable rates. This historical Northern Utah city is located just an hour away from Salt Lake City and is a great place to stop over night on your way to or from Yellowstone National Park. Surrounding it are the beautiful mountains of the Cache National Forest and the Great Salt Lake. Residents and visitors of Tremonton enjoy the town’s rural life style while also having access to the surrounding metropolitan areas. There are many recreational sites within minutes of our hotel. For those who like boating, water skiing, swimming, or fishing, the Cutler Reservoir is just a short drive from the Sandman Hotel, about 20 miles east. Also Willard bay, East Bay and Bear River Bay are other nearby spots you won’t want to miss if you are looking to enjoy your preferred water sport. If you are interested in historical sightseeing, come see where the first transcontinental railroad was completed in 1869. Historical sites Hill Air Force Base Aerospace Museum and the Eccles Dinosaur Park are also nearby. For Bird watching visit the Bear River Migratory Bird Refuge, or for relaxing enjoy the Crystal Hot Springs. Whatever the occasion, our welcoming staff is waiting to accommodate you at the Sandman Hotel in Tremonton, Utah. Sandman Motel is just off I-15 and I-84. Don't take a chance with road closures and dangerous weather conditions; plan your stay with us today! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Sandman Motel Utah
