Sandridge Beach Hotel Sandridge Beach Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Sandridge Hotel Menu Welcome to Sandridge Beach Hotel in sunny Barbados! We hope that you choose our property to enjoy a relaxing fun filled vacation. We are located on the Platinum West Coast of the island Barbados about 45 minutes drive from the Airport. Our location is ideally situated on a stunning point with the Caribbean Sea lapping on our quaint beach. Come stay with us and see what a Barbados vacation is all about. Property Details • 2 Pools • 2 Bars & 2 Restaurants • Squash Courts • Gym (Cardiovascular & weight equipment) • Internet Service • Guest laundry • On site shop and mini mart • On the beach • Meeting room and facilities • Wedding receptions can be held on property • Access to Spa at Sugar Cane Club Sandridge Beach Hotel Barbado Facts Distance from Airport: 45 mins driving Distance from Bridgetown (the Capital of Barbados): 30 mins driving Distance to Speightstown (second biggest town in Barbados): 5 mins driving Distance to Holetown: 15 mins drive More about Barbados Barbados is the most Eastern island in the Caribbean chain. Our population is approx. 280,000 people which is quite dense for an island that only has 266 square miles of land. Barbados is a coral island which explains the truly fantastic golden white beaches we enjoy on our coastline. Sugar Cane Club is located less than 5 minutes drive from the beach (we offer free transfers to the beach from the hotel). Barbadians or Bajans (as we know ourselves) are very accommodating and enjoy good company and good friends. Travel around Barbados and stop in at any of our colourful "rum shops" and meet a Bajan. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Sandridge Hotel
