Santa Fe Hotels | Full-Service Santa Fe Hotel | Courtyard By Marriott Santa Fe Hotel Santa Fe Hotels | Full-Service Santa Fe Hotel | Courtyard By Marriott Santa Fe Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Santa Fe Courtyard Menu Welcome to Santa Fe Courtyard Santa Fe, NM   Whether you're traveling on business, planning a meeting or enjoying our famed art centers and attractions, the Santa Fe Courtyard by Marriott offers a perfect southwestern oasis in...The City Diffferent Accommodations and Guest Services 213 deluxe southwestern appointed guestrooms and suites Indoor heated pool and two spas Nonsmoking/handicap accessible rooms available All rooms feature two phones, voicemail and dataports, cable TV with in-room pay movies, coffee makers, hair dryer, iron & board and refrigerators Fitness center offering Lifecycles, treadmills, and step climber For service exceeding your expectations... it's all within your reach. That's why the Courtyard by Marriott proudly offers reliable in-room communications from AT&T. Guest Services Complimentary transportation to/from the Historic Plaza and Santa Fe Airport Complimentary parking Full service restaurant & bar Gift Shop Meeting/Banquet Facilities Over 6,500 square feet of flexible function space Ballroom can accommodate up to 350 persons Two executive suites Professional catering staff to meet your every need Pool Area Attractions Historic Plaza Factory Outlet Center Georgia O'Keeffe Museum Santa Fe ski basin Canyon Road Minutes to PGA rated golf Ten Thousand Waves Japanese Health Spa Santa Fe museums & galleries Bandelier National Park Horseback riding Current Rates and Availability >>   Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Santa Fe Courtyard
