Sapphire Beach Resort | Quality and Craftmanship combined with Caribbean character, all for the right price in Paradise! Sapphire Beach Resort | Quality and Craftmanship combined with Caribbean character, all for the right price in Paradise! ↓ Skip to Main Content Sapphire Beach Menu Welcome to Sapphire Beach Resort Ambergris Caye Belize Low Season Package Deals We have dropped our prices even more on our packages for this low season. Enjoy even more discount from our already discounted package rates. Huge Summer Deal Don’t miss this amazing deals per night. Offer only valid via direct contact through our website, other conditions... Condos for Sale Sunny warm sea breezes, cool coral sand and the surf on the reef! Truly the best to live in Belize. We offer you the sensation of pristine Ambergris... Sapphire Beach Resort Sapphire Beach Resort is conveniently located a mere 25 minute boat ride from San Pedro’s town core and boasts serene, sandy beaches, where one can... Accommodations Located just a hundred feet from the beautiful Caribbean sea amidst swaying coconut palms, this 2 bedroom 2 bath villa boasts tiled floors, air... Our Facilities There are so many things to do at Sapphire Beach Resort – including: 3 outdoor swimming pools, kayaks, snorkeling at reef, a private beach and many... Tours/Excursions We only utilize the best tour guides and we highly recommend these tours. When you book with us we ensure to organize pick-ups and drop offs in town... Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Sapphire Beach
