Hotel Indigo Scottsdale Old Town Arizona | Hotel Indigo Scottsdale AZ Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Scottsdale Hip Hotel Home Accommodations Services Business Weddings Golf Scottsdale Shopping Visit Old Town Contact Reservations Menu Hotel Indigo Scottsdale Arizona Hotel WELCOME TO HOTEL INDIGO SCOTTSDALE OLD TOWN Experience the unique style of the Hotel Indigo Scottsdale Old Town – a truly inspired boutique hotel where comfort is an art and style surrounds you. Centrally located in the heart of vibrant downtown Scottsdale, Arizona near Old Town Scottsdale and less than 20 minutes from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX), our pet friendly Scottsdale hotel accommodations are second to none in a very convenient location. Scottsdale offers attractions and activities for everyone! Scottsdale Civic Center Plaza – one mile from the hotel you find lush outdoor public space, fabulous shopping, dining, clubs, museums and more! TPC of Scottsdale Stadium Course – 12 miles from the hotel with another 200 courses in the area! Family fun attractions – Phoenix Zoo, Big Surf Waterpark, Butterfly Wonderland, Top Golf, Camelback Mountain Outdoor Activities Scottsdale area shopping – Biltmore Fashion Park, Fashion Square Mall, and the Old Town Shops. Sports arenas – Scottsdale Stadium, Chase Field, US Airways Center, Sun Devil Stadium, and Salt River Fields. Day Trip Opportunities – Sedona Arizona and the Grand Canyon Inimitable Style and Elegance at our Old Town Scottsdale Arizona Hotel… Inspired. Intelligent. Indulgent. This luxury Scottsdale Arizona hotel is bound to delight even the most discriminating traveler, whether visiting Scottsdale for business or leisure! The innovative features at this exceptional boutique hotel include: 126 plush and inviting guest rooms, on five floors Complimentary wireless high-speed Internet access throughout the hotel Outdoor Arizona swimming pool, with relaxing lounge chairs and umbrellas State-of-the-art fitness area 44fifteen Bar & Bistro featuring great coffee, pastries, and café specialties as well as an outdoor terrace space for perfect meetings and dining on delicious culinary options and fine wines in a relaxed, upscale contemporary outdoor atmosphere Pet friendly – no fee! Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Scottsdale Hip Hotel
