Scottish Inn & Suites Biloxi ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Amenities Area Attractions Contact Reservations Home Scottish Inn & Suites Biloxi 14201 Cook Road Biloxi, MS 39532 Welcome to Scottish Inn & Suites Biloxi! We pride ourselves on giving our patrons an experience that keeps them coming back to us when staying in the MS Gulf Coast area! Our property was built in 2007, and has been awarded Franchisee of the Year for the last 3 consecutive years. Our most recent Quality Assurance Assessment from Hospitality International received a perfect score of 100! Make your reservation today and let us be at your service! This brand new facility is located right off interstate 10 at exit 50 in the Biloxi/Ocean Springs area and has 60 well appointed rooms with many amenities to make the stay of our guests very comfortable. All rooms have microwaves/refrigerators, coffee makers, hairdryers, iron and ironing board, 27" tv with cable, free high speed wireless internet access, and complimentary continental breakfast. Large bedroom suites and Jacuzzi rooms also available. Centrally located with beaches and casinos within 10 miles, golf course within 5 miles, Gulfport/Biloxi international airport within 15 miles, and a Waffle House and Denny's Restaurant nearby and open 24 hours a day. Special rates available for extended stay, AAA, AARP, GOVT, Military, and Businesses. Find a Room > Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Scottish Inn
