Tulsa Select Tulsa Select ↓ Skip to Main Content Select Tulsa Menu Welcome to Tulsa Select The Premier Choice for Tulsa Oklahoma Hotels… The Tulsa Select Hotel and Conference Center provides upscale overnight lodging accommodations just 10 miles from downtown Tulsa Oklahoma near St. Francis Hospital, Woodland Hills and several golf courses such as Southern Hills Country Club in the heart of Tulsa. Conveniently located southeast of downtown Tulsa Oklahoma on Interstate-44, you will find our Tulsa Select Hotel to be the perfect location for both the business traveler and leisure guest. Our convenient location leaves you with easy access to well known Tulsa Oklahoma attractions like Expo Square, the Oklahoma Aquarium, Philbrook Museum of Art and the Gilcrease Museum. If you are coming to town for a sporting event, we are conveniently located near The University of Tulsa, Oral Roberts University, the Tulsa Drillers and horse racing at Fair Meadows. When you are in town to do a little shopping, staying at the Select Tulsa Hotel places you near the Promenade Mall, Utica Square and Oklahoma’s largest mall, The Simon® Woodland Hills Mall. Hotel accommodations are designed for the traveling executive including a spacious and well-lit work area, voice mail and other business essential amenities. All 313 of our guest rooms include complimentary high-speed Internet. With over 14,000 square feet of versatile & unobstructed meeting/banquet space the Select Tulsa Hotel is able to meet and exceed your expectations for perfect business meetings, family reunions, social events, formals, beautiful weddings, and much more. Our professional meeting planning and catering staff can help you plan your next conference, meeting or event. Amenities of the Tulsa Select Hotel & Conference Center Include: Complimentary High-Speed Internet Access Shuttle Service to TUL Airport and Surrounding Area Chisholm’s Crossing Restaurant and Lobby Bar Meeting Space (14,000+ Square Feet in 7 Rooms) Outdoor Heated Pool / Indoor Fitness Center Room Service Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Select Tulsa
