Hotel in Independence MO, Kansas City East Hotel Missouri. Hotel in Independence MO, Kansas City East Hotel Missouri. ↓ Skip to Main Content Super 6 Plus East Menu Super 6 Plus Kansas City East in Independence Missouri Cozy & Relaxing best rate Independence Hotel on I - 70 & Noland Road in Kansas City East This newly refurbished Indoor Corridor Super 6 is conveniently located off I-70 in the beautiful city of Independence. This location provides 71 Great Rooms with Queen Single and Double-Double Beds as per Super 6 Standards and 9 kitchenette Rooms as per Studio 6 standard with Full Kitchen with large Refrigerator, Stove, Microwave, Kitchen Cabinets, Cookwares & Utensils for guest cooking needs. The hotel provides FREE Wireless Highspeed Internet, Outdoor Pool and Guest Laundry Facility, Fridge in all rooms with 27" Remote TV with 60+ Tv-Channels including HBO, CNN, ESPN and other entertainments". Start your morning with our Coffee, tea & hot chocolate. Whether traveling for business or pleasure, our friendly staff takes pride in helping you... And we are "Pet-Friendly!" Sleep connoisseurs described the bed as "comfortable" and "great". Those who recommend it say it's perfect for "family" and "business". Also nearby: National Frontier Trails, Independence Center and Truman Sports Complex. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Super 6 Plus East
