Tenakee Hot Springs Lodge ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Tenakee Hot Springs Lodge 1407 1st Street, Douglas, AK 99824 Tenakee Hot Springs Lodge is just a few minutes walk from the boat harbor or the ferry/seaplane dock. The Tenakee Hot Springs Lodge has 5 bedrooms with two and 1/2 baths. A full commercial kitchen, washer, dryer, walk - in freezer and fish processing area are a few of the features included not to mention the million dollar view from our relaxing deck. Tenakee Hot Springs Lodge can make arrangements for any activity or charter your group would like with adequate notice. The Lodge is a perfect place to host your family reunions, weddings, anniversaries, retreats or a group of friends for a great time in Tenakee Springs. A variety of packages are available (two day minimum) and home-cooked meals are an option. Tenakee Springs is accessible by the Alaska Marine Highway and Alaska Seaplanes. The State ferry provides passenger transportation only - there are no vehicle landing facilities or local roads in Tenakee. Private and chartered boats and planes are also used to frequent Tenakee Springs. There is a three mile long main street used for walking, bicycle or ATV only. A boat harbor is located just a few minutes from the Tenakee Hot Springs Lodge and a fuel dock is nearby. Tenakee Springs is located on the east side of Chichagof Island, on the north shore of Tenakee Inlet. It lies 45 miles southwest of Juneau, and 50 miles northeast of Sitka. The area encompasses 12 squaremiles of land, 5 square miles of water, and features some of the best fishing, hunting and wild life viewing Southeast Alaska has to offer. Tenakee Springs offers the uniqueness of a remote Alaskan experience with the perks of having a general store/liquor store, two eateries, a Post Office.AND the HOT SPRINGS! Current Rates >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Tenakee Hot Springs Lodge
