Bishop California Mountain View Motel Bishop California Mountain View Motel ↓ Skip to Main Content The Best Motel Ever Menu The Bishop, California Mountain View Motel Bishop, CA Our rooms are spacious and comfortable with all modern conveniences, including individually controlled air conditioning and heat, a small refrigerator and Cable TV with remote control. You enjoy fresh-brewed morning coffee with free continental breakfast in our breakfast room where you will also find a microwave for your convenience. For the fishermen we provide a fish-cleaning/freezing facility. Ample boat and trailer parking is available for your use. We also offer kitchen units and kitchen suites. These units are fully equipped with microwave, coffee maker, stove/oven, refrigerator, sink, pots and pans and utensils - as well as dining table and chairs. In addition, our kitchen suites offer a separate bedroom with a King or Queen bed and living room with 2 comfortable full-sized futons. We have a sparkling swimming pool for your enjoyment, a picnic area with gas BBQ and lawn seating areas. You can relax in a garden setting with beautiful roses blooming and enjoy the view and our Western antiques. Large pool Commercial rates Kids under 12 free Free continental breakfast Microwave available Free local calls King, queen, doubles Large kitchen units and kitchen suites Refrigerators in all rooms Cable color TV with remote Free Internet Access Individually controlled air conditioning/heat Fish cleaning & freezing Outdoor gas BBQ & picnic areas Ample parking Latest fishing gossip Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Best Motel Ever
