The Canyon Country Inn - Your Home In Canyon Country The Canyon Country Inn - Your Home In Canyon Country ↓ Skip to Main Content The Canyon Country Inn Menu The Canyon Country Inn Your Home in Canyon Country The Grand Canyon's most charming hotel, featuring wonderfully appointed guest rooms located in the historic district of downtown Williams. We offer a special place for very special people - all rooms are non-smoking and feature private baths, mini fridge, microwave, and direct TV. We're famous for our friendly "bears", located throughout the inn. They reflect the charm that you will find on your visit to the Grand Canyon, and they remind you of a carefree pace of life not found in other lodging facilities. Relax in the evening or early morning on our porch. Take in an Arizona sunset while you forget the worries of the day and drift into the comfort and serenity of a breezy evening. Listen to the long, soulful whistle of the Grand Canyon Railway, just a few blocks from the Inn. Take a short stroll into downtown Williams, which offers unique restaurants and cafes, distinctive shops and galleries, and the 19th century architecture of territorial Williams. Take a moment to talk to the shop owners and residents throughout the neighborhood and you'll soon forget the hectic pace of life outside of our quaint little community. Make us the "hub" for your exploration of the many beauties of Northern Arizona. From the majestic Grand Canyon to the red rocks of Sedona to the thrill of an Arizona ghost town come back to life, The Canyon Country Inn is located within easy travel to many Arizona treasures. Traveling for a special occasion? Why not ask about our unique rooms off the parlor. Let us show you why visiting our hotel is so much more rewarding than those large, franchised facilities. For more information on spending time with us at the The Canyon Country Inn, please email us or dial toll free 1-877-405-3280. We'd be happy to answer any questions and make the arrangements you need to turn your Grand Canyon vacation into a lasting memory. Be sure to ask us about our planes & trains packages! We look forward to hosting you in Arizona! Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Canyon Country Inn
