The Gloucestershire Hotel | The Gloucestershire is arguably Montego Bay’s finest European Plan hotel The Gloucestershire Hotel | The Gloucestershire is arguably Montego Bay’s finest European Plan hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content The Gloucestershire Hotel Menu The Gloucestershire Hotel Montego Bay, Jamaica The Gloucestershire is arguably Montego Bay’s finest European Plan hotel. With 93 newly refurbished rooms, its location is second to none. Situated immediately in front of the alluring waters of the Doctors Cave Beach you will find the accommodations refreshing, elegant and comfortable. Our two boardrooms as well as our 70 seat capacity conference room, are all decked out with the latest in technology and are well suited for your small meetings, get-togethers and conferences. Some of the hotel’s more interesting features include complimentary wi-fi, a Jacuzzi, an internet room, a huge terrace overlooking the beach, a swimming pool with mood lights and our famous “Waterfalls Restaurant” where our guests enjoy breakfast with the Falls of the Gloucestershire cascading in the background. If staying ensconced in your spacious and modern bedroom with its 42” plasma TV with free cable channels, safety deposit box, iron and ironing board and A/C has you too relaxed to visit the “Drumbar”, our special bar and sidewalk café then simply stay in and order room service from our restaurant which serves all three meals – and more… But be careful..No one likes returning home a few pounds heavier. Our well equipped gym will meet you half way to prevent that. Your half is to get there where you will find free weights, dumbbells, and aerobic machines. Reduced rates to the Doctor’s Cave Beach less than 10 steps from the hotel are part of the package here. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Gloucestershire Hotel
