The Manor Lodge | Pullman, WA The Manor Lodge | Pullman, WA ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Amenities Room Rates Directions Contact Us Reservations Welcome to the Manor Lodge Looking for a clean, affordable motel in Pullman, WA? The Manor Lodge Motel located in Pullman, WA, is within walking distance to Washington State University. At The Manor Lodge Motel our friendly and courteous staff is dedicated to making your stay in Pullman, WA enjoyable. We offer a wide variety of amenities to help make your stay more comfortable! "I really enjoyed my time in Pullman, WA visiting my girlfriend at WSU. The motel was easy to find and centrally located one block from Main st. It's very close to several nice restaurants, and within walking distance to WSU. The room was very clean, with cable TV, fridge, and even a microwave. The staff was very helpful, and knowledgeable about the area. The motel is cheaper than a Holiday Inn, and has a quit charming small town atmosphere. One of the last places to stay that is mom/pop run in the area. The hotel lives up to its name as a "Manor Lodge," and I will go back again." "great location and great rates. In the heart of downtowm Pullman. The room were very clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay there again! it's in walking distance to WSU, and local restaurants and nightlife." Reservations and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. © 2017 The Manor Lodge
