Maple Manor Hotel ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Bed and Breakfast Weddings & Events Contact Reservations Maple Manor Hoel Home Maple Manor Hotel A Romantic Journey Back to the Elegant Victorian Era Maple Manor Hotel built in 1898, is located in the heart of Uptown Dallas and the Dallas Arts District. The first floor is accented with wood coffered ceilings and contains a full-scale reception area with beautiful fabric-covered walls, hardwood floors, and a baby grand piano. French doors open from the reception area for dining in the Sunroom, which overlooks Maple Avenue. The original two-story staircase is highlighted by an elaborate overhead ceiling design created exclusively for the property. Maple Manor's five suites, located on the second floor, are uniquely decorated, reflecting American, French, and Italian themes. All rooms have garden style bathtubs with jacuzzi jets and are surrounded by marble with separate or combination showers. Complimentary WIFI connection, refrigerators, and coffee makers provide you with all the comforts of home. Overnight guests receive complimentary breakfast served in-suite or in the main dining room. A private stone-walled garden, located at the rear of the hotel, boasts three waterfalls, two streams, and landscape lighting. The garden makes a perfect setting for wedding ceremonies and receptions, cocktail affairs, or romantic dining. Come and enjoy the Maple Manor Hotel. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Bed and Breakfast Weddings & Events Contact Reservations © 2017 Maple Manor Hoel
