Hotels in Nashville near Airport - Downtown Nashville Hotel | Thrifty Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Accommodations Amenities and Services Attractions Location Contact Reservations Home Welcome to Thrifty Inn 343 Harding Pl, Nashville, TN 37211-3912 Whether you are traveling to Nashville, Tennessee for business, plan to visit the famed Grand Ole Opry or other popular tourist attractions, the Thrifty Inn is ideal for business and leisure travelers. The hotel is adjacent to Interstate 24 and only minutes from downtown and the Nashville International Airport; offering guest lodging accommodations that are comfortable, convenient and affordable. Nashville is often referred to as "Music City" based upon the prevalence of the music and arts that surround the capital of Tennessee and the way it is interwoven into the culture. In addition to its rich musical background, Nashville offers numerous cultural events, parks and recreational facilities that are not to be missed. Tastefully appointed guest rooms are designed to make your stay at the Thrifty Inn comfortable and relaxing. Careful attention has been made to ensure guests have many of the comforts and conveniences of home available in each guest room. While you are visiting Nashville, TN we invite you relax and enjoy our heated swimming pool. The Thrifty Inn is within a short distance to local shopping, a variety of restaurants, and popular Nashville tourist attractions such as the Opry Entertainment Complex; including the Grand Ole Opry House, Acuff Theatre, Opry Museum and the Opry Plaza, LP Field, Tennessee Performing Arts, the State Capitol and the Nashville Zoo at Grassmere. Guests of the Thrifty Inn Nashville are welcomed by our friendly staff, offering the finest in Southern Hospitality. Whether we can help make your stay more comfortable or assist you with your local itinerary, our goal is to make your stay with us enjoyable. Make a Reservation Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact © 2017 Thrifty Inn
