Welcome to the Vacation Inn El Centro, CA ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Rooms Amenities Attractions Services Location Contact Reservations Menu Welcome to The Vacation Inn El Centro 2015 Cottonwood Cir, El Centro, CA 92243 The Vacation Inn of El Centro offers a variety of accommodations. Start you Day with Free Hot Breakfast Made To Order! Each hotel guest room includes a kitchenette, refrigerator and microwave. Extended stay guests have a dedicated separate building with two-bedroom suites. Our well-equipped kitchens provide all the comforts of home. Our beautifully landscaped RV Park has 31 spaces, accommodating sizes from 28 to 40 feet and featuring full hookups. Guests will also find hot showers, laundry facilities and a recreation room in the center of the park. All guests may enjoy the swimming pool and hot tub at the Vacation Inn and Suites area. The Vacation Inn and Suites in El Centro, California, has four meeting/banquet rooms, catering to events of different sizes. Social gatherings or business functions receive personalized services from our staff. We have a full service RV Park that the weary mobile traveler will enjoy the peaceful surroundings of our beautifully landscaped RV Park. The park has 31 spaces. Sizes range from 28 feet to 40 feet. The spaces feature concrete pad, full hookups, BBQ and picnic tables. Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Vacation Inn
