Vintage Inn Gunnison - Gunnison Bed & Breakfast ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Room Amenities Food Map Contact Reservations Home THE VINTAGE INN 123 N. Boulevard, Gunnison, CO 81230 THE VINTAGE INN, (fondly known as the VI), is a residential bed & breakfast in a graceful 1880's Victorian. Situated on a corner of a lively neighborhood in Gunnison Colorado, the VI extends an inviting sense of comfort, calm and hospitality to friends and travelers alike. The well-appointed guest room offers affordable luxury and accommodates 1-2 guests with its queen sized-bed and cozy en-suite bathroom. The house and guest room are furnished with family and collected pieces, familiar and assorted in style. GUESTS CAN RELAX IN THE KITCHEN, by the fire in the snug hearth room or in the gloriously spacious living room with its high ceiling and south-facing bay windows. Enjoy the alluring porches, yard and gardens spring, summer and fall. Expect to feel at home, well tended, but not intruded upon. THE VI IS WITHIN EASY WALKING DISTANCE of downtown, and on the RTA bus route so getting to Western State Colorado University, Crested Butte/Mt. Crested Butte is easy. Guests are welcome to borrow one of the VI's bicycles and do some exploring in this bike-friendly town. THE VI REFLECTS the casual lifestyle and character of this endearing small western Colorado town. Whether you are here on business, vacation or to visit family and friends, the VI is a favorite lodging choice for short and long-term travelers who want to experience a sense of community and place in unassuming comfort and style. Reservations Featured in 5280 - The Denver Magazine: Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Contact Reservations © 2017 Vintage Inn
