Daytona Beach Florida hotels the World's Most Famous Beach Vacation Daytona Beach Florida hotels the World's Most Famous Beach Vacation ↓ Skip to Main Content Home Accommodations Boating Family Fun Restaurants Shopping Landmarks Nature Tours Top 60 Hotels Menu Welcome to Daytona Beach The "World's Most Famous Beach" Here you'll find everything you need to have a great vacation in the Daytona Beach area. The "World's Most Famous Beach" is 23 miles of beautiful white sand beaches. We're famous the world over dating back from the very early 1900's when cars were first raced on the beach. Speeds were incredible then, the top speed in 1902 was an amazing 57 miles per hour. The last land speed record set on the beach was in 1935 when Sir Malcolm Campbell drove the world famous "Bluebird" at 276 miles per hour on the beach! Previous Next Today driving on the hard-packed sand is allowed on 18-miles of the beach during daytime hours and speeds are only 10 miles per hour. Five miles of beach are now reserved for visitors who wish not to have to share the beach with cars. The area's convenient location provides easy access to Walt Disney World, Sea World, Universal Studios, Epcot Center, Wet'nWild, Church Street Station, MGM Studios, historic St. Augustine and Kennedy Space Center. These attractions are all within just one hour's drive from Daytona Beach. So what are you waiting for! Make your reservations now to visit the World's Most Famous Beach, Daytona Beach's Big Beach, Big Fun! The beach is famous for many other things besides cars and racing. There are the many very friendly and beautiful people that are always enjoying activities at the beach. With 23 miles to play on people have found an almost unlimited amount of activities. Sunbathing, surfing, Frisbee, sandcastle building, people watching, volleyball, swimming, running, bicycling, car cruising, bikini watching, kite flying, picnicing, riding floats, relaxing, riding motorbikes, sitting under umbrellas, looking for shells, sailing, jet ski, skim boarding, fishing, enjoying beauty contests, eating "beach dogs" or snow cones, walking the boardwalk, playing video games, enjoying the sky-ride, sail boarding, jogging, enjoying free concerts, comparing tans, meeting new friends, or take a romantic walk on the beach at night with the moonlight sparkling on the water, etc.... Whew! And we haven't even left the beach yet! When you have had enough fun at the beach you can also watch NASCAR racing at Daytona International Speedway, motorcycle racing, go kart racing, go deep sea fishing, play championship golf, enjoy world class dining, shop till you drop at great specialty shoppes, visit museums, enjoy professional sports and entertainment, go to the theater, and then you just might want to take a short drive to some of Florida's other big vacation attractions. Accommodations Airports Beach Fun Beach Info Bikers Fun Boating Family Fun Fishing Golf Courses Night Clubs Racing Fun Restaurants Shopping Weather Info Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Visit Daytona
