Windsor Place Inn - Prairie du Chien, WI Windsor Place Inn - Prairie du Chien, WI ↓ Skip to Main Content Windsor Place Inn Menu Windsor Place Inn ~ Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin Your all-season destination for fun and adventure. Whether you wish to ski the scenic, snowy trails of Wyalusing State Park, relive history at the Prairie Villa Rendezvous, experience an inspiring cruise aboard the Mississippi Explorer, or simply take in the vibrant fall colors of tree covered bluffs; Windsor Place Inn of Prairie du Chien is the place for you. Nestled among the rolling hills of Southwestern Wisconsin, the Windsor Place Inn of historic Prairie du Chien is the premier destination and gateway to some of the most picturesque and interesting places to visit. The Mississippi and Wisconsin River Valleys, Wyalusing and Pikes Peak State Parks, countless historic sites, and a string of breathtaking national monuments are all within a short drive. Just minutes from Cabela's, The Cannery, and the Lady Luck Casino. Windsor Place Inn is located on Highways 18 & 35 South near the beautiful Mississippi River. With abounding amenities and charm at affordable prices, Prairie du Chien's Windsor Place Inn has so much too offer. All of our spacious rooms feature king or queen size beds, cable TV with HBO, high-speed internet access, and charming ambiance. Enjoy the free continental breakfast, indoor pool, and whirlpool. Choose Windsor Place Inn for your next getaway or business trip and you will be right in the center of all Southwest Wisconsin has to offer. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Windsor Place Inn
