Welcome to Winslow Inn Welcome to Winslow Inn ↓ Skip to Main Content Winslow Inn Menu Welcome to Winslow Inn Winslow, AZ Welcome to Winslow Inn the best place to stay with an affordable price with a home away form home environment. To provide you our best customer service we are open 24 hours 7 days a week 365 days a year. We are expecting your phone call right now. At Winslow Inn, we know when traveling or going on vacation one of the most important things you will do is to book a hotel and find the best price possible, with a great hotel room at a discounted price. Finding a good price on a hotel room is not hard when you consider the Winslow Inn. Here at the Winslow Inn we makes it easy for the pet lover to go on holidays. When your are at the Winslow Inn, the family pet is not just a pet they are an extension of your family, an additional member, one of the kids. Not only is the Winslow Inn the right choice, Winslow Inn is situated in a great location conveniently center of all 3 exits off I-40 on the famous Rout 66 in Winslow, AZ, that provides great parks and many great sites like the “Standing On The Corner Park”, “Clear Creek Lake”, “The First Street Pathway” , “Winslow’s Remembrance Garden” and much much more. Weather on business trip, leisure travel, or on family vacation Winslow Inn is a great place to stop, relax, and be ready for a fresh start. Winslow Inn offers the most affordable, honest, most value for your hard earned dollar, and enjoyable lodging experience. So, Winslow Inn is the right choice make the Reservation now. Current Rates and Availability >> Home Widget 1 This is your first home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 6th widget from the top in area 6 called Home Widget 1. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 2 This is your second home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 7th widget from the top in area 7 called Home Widget 2. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Home Widget 3 This is your third home widget box. To edit please go to Appearance > Widgets and choose 8th widget from the top in area 8 called Home Widget 3. Title is also manageable from widgets as well. Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 Winslow Inn
