EVERYDAY CHRISTIAN: Biblical Truth for Everyday Life Skip to content EVERYDAY CHRISTIAN Home News Christian Living Family & Relationships Health & Fitness Money Entertainment Published August 21st, 2017 by Brenda Wood Lazy Old Dog Yes I know, we spoke about this verse already but the lazy old dog part caught my attention and I had to dig deeper. Stay alert; be in prayer, so… Read More Lazy Old Dog Devotions Published August 20th, 2017 by Brenda Wood Temptation Alley This quote stopped me dead in my grocery tracks. Why at the grocery? Because I had my hand on a box of chocolate treats that I intended to buy and… Read More Temptation Alley Devotions Published August 19th, 2017 by Brenda Wood Gone Wrong I check out all the verses I can on common sense and begin to see where I went wrong. Can you find all my errors in these verses? I will… Read More Gone Wrong Devotions Published August 18th, 2017 by Brenda Wood Take Heart I read these verses and I begin to see where I went wrong. My old thought patterns crept up on me and I let them. What was I thinking? Clearly,… Read More Take Heart Devotions Published August 17th, 2017 by Brenda Wood Unexpected Anger That’s where I am right now, as the date of my dear husband’s death approaches once again. I hesitate to call it anger but God is calling me out on… Read More Unexpected Anger Devotions Published August 16th, 2017 by Brenda Wood Making a Difference This is a different kind of column today. This is a “cut this out and hang it on your refrigerator” kind of column. I found several verses that are about… Read More Making a Difference Devotions Published August 15th, 2017 by Brenda Wood My Plate is Full Is that how you feel or are you overwhelmed with life? Is your schedule filled with obligations, problems? Are you overburdened and preoccupied with all your obligations? My plate is… Read More My Plate is Full Devotions Published August 14th, 2017 by Brenda Wood Saul’s Motives 1 Samuel 9:1 says that Saul stood head and shoulders above the crowd. He was a giant in Israel. By rights, it should have been King Saul who took on… Read More Saul’s Motives Devotions Published August 13th, 2017 by Brenda Wood Mixed Motives The truth is the news wasn’t so good. Goliath stood well over 6 ft tall and maybe even ten feet tall, depending on whom you ask. The thing is he… Read More Mixed Motives Devotions Published August 12th, 2017 by Brenda Wood More on Motives Did it ever occur to you that David went out with cheese and came back with crackers, ( ie cracked heads ) to his credit? Here is the background to… Read More More on Motives Devotions 1 2 … 549 Next » Email Subscription Email SubscriptionSubscribe Search Search for: Recent Posts Lazy Old Dog Temptation Alley Gone Wrong Take Heart Unexpected Anger Recent Comments Liz on Using Progesterone When Trying to Conceive: Facts You Need to Know Gary on Do Babies Go to Heaven? What Does the Bible Say? Maryellen Cleaver on Christmas Classics: The Man And The Birds By Paul Harvey Hailey Y on Do Babies Go to Heaven? What Does the Bible Say? Silver on Christmas Classics: The Man And The Birds By Paul Harvey Authors Abbi Siler Alfred Nkut Althea DeBrule Amanda Leavelle Amie Streater Amit Parasar Amy Vogel Amy Wingfield Becky Hilton Bob Kellemen Braxton Brady and Lee Burns Brenda Wood Brian Neese Britton Cowman Carol Flett Chuck Manson Chuck Swindoll Cristie Cerniglia Crystal Paschal Dan Buckhout Dan Woolley Dani Nichols Darlene McDaniel Deanna Favre and Shane Stanford Dionna Sanchez Dr. Emerson Eggerichs Dr. Paul White Elizabeth Renter Everyday Christian Staff Faith Draper George Elerick Gina Burgess Heidi Avery Jack Wellman James Valdez Jason Hess Jill Hart Joe Dubowski Josh Steed Joshua Gillem Joyce Bowling Judith A. Aparri Judy Riddle Julie McElroy Karia Bunting Karyn Brownlee Katelyn Thomas Kathleen Strelow Keiki Hendrix Kelli Zaniel Krysann Sedberry Larry Rottmeyer Leigh Ann Napier Lili Richey Willard Linda Bush Lindsay Reeves Lisa Parnell Lisa Phelps Mark Modi Mary Boscaino Max Lucado Meghan Grizzle Melonie Hixon Michael Agostino Michael Dowd Mitzi C. Smith Monique Davis Neal Powers Paul Harrington Paul Prather Peter Elliott Rev. Tim Lehmann Rich Hefty Ryan Berkeley Samantha Keller Shannon Perry Shaun Takenouchi Sherry Castelluccio Stacie Stamper Stephanie Romero Stephanie S. Smith Stephen Clover Tanya Marchiol Ted Bigelow Tim Stone Tizara Glispy Tony Denbok Valerie Lenon Meta Feed Comment Feed Entry Feed EVERYDAY CHRISTIAN Biblical Truth for Everyday Life Ignite WordPress Theme by Compete Themes
