Prepaid Reviews | Ratings on Prepaid Cell Phones     Best Rated Providers          Blog          Compare Plans          Deciding          Activation Guides          Choose a Provider      Top Provider Reviews Other Provider Reviews Net10 Straight Talk Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile AT&T Boost Mobile PTel Solavei TracFone Jitterbug Kajeet Red Pocket Mobile Sprint Touch Mobile Consumer Cellular Cricket Wireless Earth Tones Metro PCS o2 Wireless Page Plus Ready Mobile Republic Wireless T-Mobile Total Call Mobile US Cellular Liberty Wireless Simple Mobile STI Mobile Cellular Shopping AT&T Go Phone Wal-Mart's Straight Talk Net10 Specials T-Mobile To Go Deals Verizon Prepaid Deals TracFone Deals Straight Talk Savings PTel Deals Virgin Mobile Deals Cellular Accessories Add Phone Minutes Ptel Wireless Go Phones with AT&T Sprint Prepaid Phones Prepaid Reviews Don't buy a phone before reading our reviews Prepaid Reviews is the largest prepaid cell phone review site. We offer you up to date information about 26+ of the most popular prepaid wireless companies with in-depth editorial reviews and over 20,000 user generated reviews from real consumers just like you.  Use our site to find out: who each provider is and what their non contract phone plans include how their phones and plans work along with pricing options our editorial rating on the provider what other real consumers are saying about them and much, much more Our goal is to make sure you're informed about your potential new pay as you go provider, know the pros and cons and are able to identify which provider will be the best option for you based on your specific prepaid needs and can see what other consumers think of the service - BEFORE buying a prepaid phone. Make informed decisions when choosing a provider In addition to offering you break downs of each specific provider, we also offer you helpful information about prepaid plans and phones in general. Find out how to choose a provider, how prepaid cellular works, how it differs from traditional cell phone service and more. Once you narrow your choice down to a few providers, you can also use our quick comparison tool to compare prepaid cell phone plans side by side before making a decision. Check out our guides for those with very specific needs when it comes to a prepaid wireless plan: Best Prepaid Cell Phones for Kids Best Prepaid Cell Phones for Seniors Best Prepaid Cell Phones for Texting If you have suggestions for prepaid wireless topics you'd like to see covered, please feel free to contact us and let us know. We also welcome general questions - if you are asking them, you can be assured others are as well. We will attempt to answer all questions on the site whenever possible. Find a provider and find a deal While we do not "sell" prepaid cell phones or services, we will do our best to make you aware of special offers and deals whenever possible via the Prepaid Reviews Blog. We know there are numerous reasons people consider and move to prepaid cellular services... - some consumers like that they don't require a credit check or contracts - others like being able to control the amount of their teens cell phone bill. Whatever your reason, we hope you'll find the information and facts about pay as you go phones here at Prepaid Reviews to make your decision one you'll be pleased with for a long time to come. Prepaid Cell Phone Reviews Home About Our Ratings Contact Us Privacy Information Disclosure Advertise Copyright © 2004-2013 PrepaidReviews.com
