British Expatriate Community | Serving the expatriate community Please enable javascript to view this site. Home Forum Articles Wiki Classifieds Photo Gallery Member Blogs Advertise Select a Page: Hide Navigation Home Forum Articles Wiki Classifieds Photo Gallery Member Blogs Advertise Scroll to top Top Latest Posts ← More Headlines Latest Posts Articles Australia British Recipes Canada Careers Caribbean Culture Education Family Finance France Greece Health Hong Kong Italy Malaysia Moving Abroad New Zealand Retiring Abroad Spain Thailand UAE UK USA Working Abroad Blogs News Latest out ArticlesUSA A Brit’s Guide to the American School System August 31, 2015 | admin Three Pieces of Advice When Moving To America from Britain with School Age Children 400 British people emigrate every day, according to the Office of National Statistics.  Many of these families are moving to the US and even though they … Read More ArticlesFrance How Not To Get Scammed When Buying Property in France August 28, 2015 | admin See that wreck nestled in the most beautiful countryside a million miles away from anywhere? What, I hear you say, and it’s only 50,000 euros? Before you drift off into your imaginary paradise of how wonderful it would be to … Read More ArticlesMoving Abroad Things to Think About Before Repatriation August 26, 2015 | admin Expat life changes you, there’s no doubt about that. While most expats believe this is for the better, it can make repatriation difficult. Have you prepared yourself for going home? Though it’s easy to kid yourself that a year or … Read More ArticlesCareers How to Use LinkedIn to Find a Job Abroad June 5, 2015 | admin Looking for a job overseas? Websites designed to help people find work abroad can be confusing. Many employers and recruiters now hunt for new talent on LinkedIn, the world’s largest professional network. This means it’s important to be visible. Medibroker … Read More ArticlesAustralia Prepare for Success in Australia Before You Depart May 29, 2015 | admin The UK’s only FREE Australian Pre-Departure Seminar hosted by TV and Radio Presenter Nicki Chapman The decision to move more than 10,000 miles away isn’t an easy one – where to live, what to pack, opening bank accounts, finding schools, … Read More Articles Guide to Overseas Mortgages May 20, 2015 | admin If you’re thinking of moving abroad, one of the biggest things you’ll have to consider is the mortgage. We’ve got the answers to some of the questions you’ve been asking about a mortgage overseas. What are the advantages of taking … Read More More Headlines © 1999-2017 BritishExpats.com Advertise With Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Mobile Version Cookie Policy
