Dog Food Reviews, Ratings and Comparisons News Feed Comments Dog Food Reviews, Ratings and Comparison Dog Food Reviews – Get unbiased information. Home Dog Food Reviews Dog Food Forum Dog Food Ratings Dog Food Tips How To Choose the Best Dog Food For Your Dog Picking the best dog food for your pup is no easy choice. There are so many different...  Trupanion Pet Insurance Covers Certain Hill’s Pet Food By Amy Tokic Word at the dog park is that Trupanion Pet Insurance is now covering...  How Much Dog Food Should I Feed My Dog? Taking charge of your dog’s diet is a full-time job, especially since dogs seem...  Human Food For Dogs – Is It Safe? Most dog owners form a strong bond with their pet, and take every measure to ensure...  Wet or Dry Dog Food for Your Dog? Have you ever wondered the difference between dry dog food and wet dog food?  Find...  Read More Posts From Dog Food Tips Dog Health Tips What Are The Benefits Of Coconut Oil For Dogs? Let’s talk about the benefits of coconut oil for dogs I’ve been a fan of coconut...  How to Stop Stinky Dog Farts Urgh! What’s that smell?  Did it just come out of the dog? Gross! We’ve been...  Easy-Peasy Peanut Butter Dog Treats Recipe Dogs flip out for peanut butter. What’s not to love – it’s tasty, it sticks...  What To Do If Your Dog Ingests Chocolate There is currently a myth circulating among dog owners that chocolate is not actually...  Poisonous Foods For Dogs Aside from being affectionate, loyal pets, all dogs are famous for their love of...  Read More Posts From Dog Health Tips Latest Dog Food Reviews NOW FRESH Grain-Free Large Breed Adult Recipe This NOW FRESH Grain-Free Large Breed Adult recipe is specially formulated to meet the unique energy requirements of large-breed dogs. Not only is this formula complete and balanced, but it is made with 100% fresh salmon, turkey, and duck as well as omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids from canola oil and coconut. This recipe is supplemented with a carefully... [Read more of this review] Nature’s Variety Instinct Duck Meal Formula This Instinct Duck Meal formula is one of Nature’s Variety’s limited ingredient diets. Not only is it made with a single protein source, but it is loaded with highly digestible ingredients. Designed to provide optimal nutrition with the fewest number of ingredients, this formula is ideal for dogs with digestive problems and food sensitivities. It... [Read more of this review] Nature’s Recipe Joint Health Fish Meal & Chicken Meal Recipe This Joint Health Fish Meal & Chicken Meal recipe from Nature’s Recipe is specifically designed to support healthy bones and joints in older dogs. This recipe is completely free from corn and wheat ingredients and it doesn’t contain any artificial colors or flavors. Loaded with naturally flavorful ingredients like catfish meal and chicken meal,... [Read more of this review] Stella & Chewy’s Absolutely Rabbit Freeze-Dried Dinner Patties These Absolutely Rabbit Freeze-Dried Dinner Patties from Stella & Chewy’s are a unique dietary option for dogs. Rather than shaping this product into dry kibble, Stella & Chewy’s freeze-dries the ingredients into dinner patties which can be rehydrated by adding warm water. By freeze-drying the ingredients instead of cooking them, most of... [Read more of this review] Natural Balance L.I.D. Potato & Kangaroo Dry Dog Food It isn’t often that you see an ingredient like kangaroo in dog food but it is the star ingredient in this Natural Balance L.I.D. Potato & Kangaroo dry dog food recipe. Not only is kangaroo a novel source of protein but it is naturally lean and full of essential amino acids. This formula is made with a limited number of ingredients which is ideal... [Read more of this review] I and Love and You Naked Essentials Salmon & Trout Recipe This Naked Essentials Salmon & Trout recipe from I and Love and You is positively packed with fresh animal proteins like salmon and trout. Not only is this recipe protein-rich, but it is also grain-free and gluten-free, made without inexpensive fillers and artificial ingredients. In addition to being loaded with quality animal proteins and healthy... [Read more of this review] Merrick Backcountry Freeze Dried Meal Mixer Real Beef Recipe If you are looking for a high-quality, nutritious diet for your dog then you should consider this Backcountry Freeze Dried Meal Mixer from Merrick. This product consists of freeze-dried pieces of nutritious food made with real beef, beef liver, and other nutritious ingredients. Not only is it completely gluten-free and grain-free, but it is rich in... [Read more of this review] Nutro Small Bites Lamb and Rice Adult Dog Food Nutro Small Bites Lamb and Rice Adult Dog Food is specially formulated to meet the high-energy needs of small-breed dogs – it also comes with smaller kibbles to accommodate for smaller mouths. Made with a limited number of ingredients, this recipe is ideal for dogs that suffer from digestive issues and food sensitivities. All of the ingredients used... [Read more of this review] Read More Posts From Latest Dog Food Reviews The Best Source of Dog Food Reviews One of the most important responsibilities that come with raising a puppy is providing the best dog food that will supply all the nutrients which are needed for your pet’s growth and maintenance. Different ages of dogs have variable demands in terms of what essential nutrients should be present and at what levels in a particular dog food formula. Growing puppies require more protein while sporting dogs need larger amounts of energy which can be provided by the carbohydrate component of the dog food. Of course, small dog breeds would require lesser amounts of dog food per day compared to large dog breeds. Pregnant dogs have different nutritional demands as compared to geriatric dogs. There are also dogs that need special pet food formulas because of certain hypersensitivity reactions to common dog food ingredients such as poultry meat and soy. For most first-time pet owners, picking out the best dog food for their dogs is often difficult.  The wide array of commercial dog foods available coupled with rampant advertising can certainly influence an owner’s decision. However, there are a lot of resources which can help you select the best dog food for your new pet. Although price may be one of your prime considerations, the nutritional content and the ingredients are equally important factors as well.  Your veterinarian can also be a rich source of information regarding pros and cons of commercially available dog foods. Common denominators of the highest rated dog foods include a grain-free formula that contains only high-quality ingredients with no artificial ingredients added. Fillers, by-products and common allergenic ingredients such as corn, wheat, or soy have no place in a high quality dog food ration. Although there will be dog owners who will first be convinced into buying  brands because they can be quite inexpensive, a closer look at the ingredients will reveal that corn, meat by-products, and grains constitute the major ingredients. Dogs can hardly digest corn while meat-by products are inferior sources of protein. In picking out the best dog food, the bottom line in selecting the best food for your dog is to know what really matters—not the price or the popularity but what your dog requires to remain healthy and happy! Like us on facebook! Dog Food News NOW FRESH Grain-Free Large Breed Adult Recipe Nature’s Variety Instinct Duck Meal Formula Nature’s Recipe Joint Health Fish Meal & Chicken Meal Recipe Stella & Chewy’s Absolutely Rabbit Freeze-Dried Dinner Patties Natural Balance L.I.D. Potato & Kangaroo Dry Dog Food More on Dog Food Dog Food Recalls Homemade Dog Food Recipes Homemade Dog Treats Recipes Categories Dog Food Ratings Dog Food Tips Dog Health Dog Food Reviews 4Health Abady Acana Addiction Alpo Annamaet Artemis Authority Avoderm Beneful Bil Jac BLUE Buffalo By Nature California Natural Canidae Castor & Pollux Cesar Millan Chicken Soup for the Pet Lover's Soul Diamond Dogswell Dr. Tim's Dried-N-Alive Eagle Pack Earthborn Holistic Eukanuba Evangers Evo Exclusive First Mate Flint River Ranch Freshpet Fromm GO! Great Life Halo Honest Kitchen Horizon Legacy I and Love and You Iams Innova Instinct Kibbles n' Bits Kirkland Life's Abundance Merrick Natural Balance Natural Choice Nature's Recipe Nature's Variety NOW! Nutro Ol’ Roy Orijen Pedigree Pet Tao Petcurean Pinnacle Precise President's Choice Purina Royal Canin Science Diet Simply Nourish Solid Gold Stella & Chewy's Taste Of The Wild The Well Fed Dog Tiki Dog Timberwolf Tuffy's Vets Choice Wellness Whole Earth Farms Zach's Editor Amy Tokic Newsletter Free Dog Food Guide! Subscribe to my weekly e-newsletter below where I share tons of free dog nutrition and health tips.  I will send you a free copy of my "Dog Food Guide" just for subscribing! Name:  Email:  Recent Comments Katie: Please do not snip the quills this article is very outdated and that is a myth. You should only try to remove... Jenny: I continue to try other brands but I always seem to come back to Great Life. They are never fussy eating this... Julie: Only Great Life for my dog. I’m so satisfied with it, Stacy loves the salmon recipe. No complaints!... Jess: I have moved their Grain Free Pure up my list and I now mix this with Orijen because of cost. Their Duck is... Jess: I am really sad to see that their Glucosamine % went from 1500mg/kg to 700mg/kg. It has affected my dog and I... Should you have a concern regarding the diet of your dog, you should contact your veterinarian. All information on this site is the opinion of the author, and is presented solely for informational purposes and should not, at any time, be considered a substitute for seeking or receiving professional veterinary care for your dog(s). DogFoodChat recommends PetFlow.com for all your premium, organic, and holistic dog food. Copyright © 2017 · All Rights Reserved · Dog Food | Dog Supplies | Save a Dog Widget | About Us | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms Terms of Use  
