Expedition Portal FacebookTwitterYoutubeInstagram Overland Journal Partner With Us About Us Adventure Four Wheel Drive Motorcycle Bicycle Camper and Trailer Gear Forum Store Adventure Four Wheel Drive Motorcycle Bicycle Camper and Trailer Gear Forum Store Adventure Four Wheel Drive Motorcycle Bicycle Camper and Trailer Gear Forum Store Adventure Four Wheel Drive Motorcycle Bicycle Camper and Trailer Gear Forum Store Landcruising Adventure: Getting Lost in Digital Advancement From the ExPo Vault: Yo Hablo Moto Buyer's Guide: Travel, Rescue, and Medical Evacuation Insurance Riding Full Circle: Playing in Traffic What’s in your winch bag? The basic gear you should be carrying Long Term Test: Yakima SkyRise Rooftop Tent From the ExPo Vault: Exploring Patagonia—in a Clown Car Field Tested: The Overland Kitchen Adventure, Adventure, Four Wheel Drive Landcruising Adventure: Getting Lost in Digital Advancement On our arrival in Japan, on the southern island of Kyushu, we needed to plot a general route for the coming months. We skimmed our two guidebooks and marked the possible-of-interest places on our Reise Know-How… Coen Wubbles and Karin-Marijke Vis / August 21st, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Camping, Gear Field Tested Long-term review | Yeti Tundra 45 Last year we presented you with The Big Chill, an exhaustive review of some of the best rotomolded coolers on the market. Over the course of 10 days we analyzed construction and design, drain systems, ergonomics,… Chris Collard / August 21st, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Four Wheel Drive, Gear, News, News Melbourne 4WD Show :: Australia Walking the halls of Australia’s largest 4WD show Scott Brady / August 18th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Adventure, Adventure, Motorcycle From the ExPo Vault: Yo Hablo Moto Exploring Colombia’s backroads and villages with Elephant Motorcycle Expeditions Stephen Smith / August 18th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Gear, Luggage and Storage, Uncategorized Field Tested: Filson Duffle Pack Like all good things, Filson products do not come cheaply. Don’t read that to suggest they are a poor value. Far from it, all of their bags are capable of serving several generations of users, making… Christophe Noel / August 17th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Gear Outdoor Retailer Summer 2017: The Overland Connection The overland industry continues to influence the outdoor industry, and vise versa. This year marks the last year the annual gathering of the outdoor industry will be held in Salt Lake City, with both the summer… Bryon Dorr / August 16th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Adventure Expeditions 7- The Beginning Expeditions 7: Publisher Scott Brady and a team of adventurers prepare for a two-year expedition to seven continents. Scott Brady / August 15th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Gear, Tools, Recovery and Safety Buyer’s Guide: Travel, Rescue, and Medical Evacuation Insurance It’s an unexplained phenomenon, but as soon as people set out on a vacation they assume they’re shielded from harm by an invisible bubble. That couldn’t be further from the truth. As an adventure travel guide… Christophe Noel / August 14th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Adventure Adventure Reads: The Disappearances, Scott Thybony Last fall I was invited to join a friend on a bikepacking trip in Southern Utah along a stretch of high desert I knew well—or so I thought. It turns out just driving by a place… Christophe Noel / August 11th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Adventure, Motorcycle Riding Full Circle: Playing in Traffic When I threw the fist-sized rock in my hand at the Bolivian man’s car door, his eyes opened wide, forcing salt-and-pepper brows, like fat caterpillars, to scurry up and be eaten into the creases of his… Heather Lea / August 10th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Camper and Trailer, Camper and Trailer, Four Wheel Drive, Four Wheel Drive, Gear, Gear, Gear, Skills and Training, Tools, Recovery and Safety What’s in your winch bag? The basic gear you should be carrying The other day I ran into the proud owner of a well-built four-wheel drive. Eager to talk shop, he began to list a few of the numerous pieces of equipment he had installed on his new… Chris Cordes / August 8th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Camping, Gear, Uncategorized Long Term Test: Yakima SkyRise Rooftop Tent When Yakima first announced the release of their roof top tent last year, three attributes from the press release immediately caught my attention. The 95-pound weight for the smallest of two sizes made it one of… Christophe Noel / August 7th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Adventure, Adventure, Four Wheel Drive From the ExPo Vault: Exploring Patagonia—in a Clown Car Two guys, plus one tiny car, equaled one big adventure. Tom Wuelpern / August 4th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Gear, Motorcycle Ground Control to Major Tom: Sena 10U Helmet Communicator For the sake of full disclosure, I am a bit late with this product review as the Sena 10U system has been available for the last year. I was so happy with my Sena 20S units… Christophe Noel / August 3rd, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Four Wheel Drive, Gear Field Tested: The Overland Kitchen The sweet smell of carne asada wafted up from the pan below, and I inhaled deeply over the slowly rising steam. It still needed something—maybe a little more lime juice? I turned to the prep table… Chris Cordes / August 2nd, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Camping, Gear, Tools, Recovery and Safety Cool Cutters Anyone who knows me is aware that I’m the guy, or was, who’s always asking for a knife to borrow. I used to not like toting around a blade, and certainly wasn’t particular about the ones… Christophe Noel / August 2nd, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Four Wheel Drive Why You Should Skip the SUV and Buy a Pickup Just a few years ago while poking around the Expedition Portal forums, I stumbled into a discussion about the pros and cons of the SUV versus the venerable pickup. There were some heated exchanges volleyed back… Christophe Noel / August 1st, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Adventure, Adventure, Motorcycle Swapping the life conventional for the ride of a lifetime  Many daydream about making a road trip across continents. There may be real or perceived hurdles in the way, so what does it take to actually do it? For anyone whose life’s jigsaw pieces can coalesce… Lisa Morris / July 31st, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Camping, Gear Field Tested: Big Agnes Foidel Canyon 2 Buried deep in the dark recesses of my gear closet reside a trio of tents I seldom use. Their stuff sacks are tattered and torn, the tents within equally haggard. Oddly enough they haven’t been on… Christophe Noel / July 31st, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr Camper and Trailer, Featured Vehicles, Featured Vehicles, Four Wheel Drive Buy this truck and drive to South America for the price of a Rubicon I love browsing through the depths of the Expedition Portal for sale sections. Besides seeing some seriously cool vehicles, you get a peek at the many adventures they’ve had through the years, and the many adventures… Chris Cordes / July 29th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Linkedin Tumblr 123 FacebookTwitterYoutubeInstagram ©2005-2016 Overland International, Inc. All rights reserved. Back to top
