The UK Camp Site for Tent and Caravan Campers in the UK    Home    Log in or Register Welcome to the UKCampsite.co.uk, the net's best, oldest, and biggest internet guide to all things camping and caravanning related. Tents, caravans, motorhomes, trailer tents, you name it we love them and we get millions of visitors each month. You dont have to be a member to use the site, but it's free, and easy, and has many benefits, so why not join us! Campsites and Caravan Sites Directory and Visitor Reviews        Click on the Map to Start Quick Search    by Name TownCounty  UK Postcode You'll find thousands of camp site details and over 185,000 independent reviews, links to webpages and more. Add a review of your last trip. PLUS our unique virtual brochure system , allowing you to save all your favourite campsites & caravan sites on your own personal page. Popular campsite searches:  Camp fires  -  Tents Only  -  Dog Free Sites  -   Adult only  -  Pub sites  -  Internet access  -  Sea Views  -  Open All Year  -  Beach Sites  -  Caravan Storage  -  With Fishing  -  Glamping  -  Seasonal Pitches  -  Naturist Campsites  -  Public Transport  -  Best of British  -  Boat Launching  -  With Job Vacancies  -  Special Offers  -  Forest Sites  -  French Camp Sites NEW! try our Google Maps Radius search Caravanning and Camping Company Directory Companies Quick Search   Caravan and Motorhome  - Dealers  - Breakers  - Insurance  - Storage Sites  - Servicing and Repairs  - Disability Information  - Equipment and Motorhome Hire Manufacturers / Suppliers  - Caravans / MotorHomes  - Awnings  - Tents / Trailer Tents  - Trailers  - Security  - Water  - Sanitation  - Refridgeration  - Heating  - Electrical Miscellaneous  - Breakdown Cover  - Owners Associations and Clubs  - Ferry Travel and Shipping  - Magazines / Publications  - Maps  - Weather Shopping  - Accessory and Tent Shops  - Online Accessory & Tent Shops  - Car Accessories  - Cooking  - Lighting  - Towbars  - Upholstery  - Clothing 1000s of links, names and addresses of camping and caravanning companies from Caravan Storage and Camping Shops, to route planning and owner's clubs. Follow us on Facebook! You can now follow UKCampsite.co.uk on Facebook! Keep abreast of the latest news and updates much more easily. Simply click here then click on the Like button! Latest News, Discounts and Competitions   see all... Win a Buzzwing Tilting and Folding 4 Bike Rack Win your favourite OLPRO Windbreak from 6 Fab Designs Upcoming Event! UK Autumn Motorhome & Caravan Show 2nd to 3rd September Season-finale event, taking place at Newark Showground, discounted tickets too ...more Recent Articles  see all... 2017 UK Autumn Motorhome & Caravan Show The UK Autumn Motorhome & Caravan Show is offering UK Campsite members exclusive discounts for this season-finale event, taking place at Newark Showground on Saturday and Sunday, September 2-3, 2017. BUZZ RACK Buzzwing 4 Bike Tilting and Folding Rack The excellent BUZZ RACK Buzzwing folds to make storage really convenient and comes at a great price for such a robust carrier with so many useful features. OLPRO Abberley XL 4 Berth Tent A great 4 berth family tent - ideal for trips away. Quick to pitch with a stylish and modern look, tall enough to stand up in, and enough room for four or five people to sit in the living area. Find out more and have a chance to win one. Handirack Inflatable Roofrack The world's first inflatable roof rack. Simple to use and takes no time to fit. It can carry loads of 80kg and creates less drag and noise than normal roof bars. Find our more and have a chance to win one! HandiWorld HandiHoldall Roofbox and HandiDuffel The roof box with a difference. An easy to store, foldable and waterproof roof box working in conjunction with the HandiDuffel, a 135 litre waterproof cargo storage solution. Updated models for 2013. Exclusive discount code for UKCampsite.co.uk visitors Clarke IG1200 1.2kW Inverter Generator The Clarke IG1200 Inverter Generator is a powerful, lightweight, quiet, portable generator that provides 230V ac power wherever it is needed, perfect for camping, motorhomes and caravans. Read our review, enter our competition to win one. Funky Windbreaks from OLPRO These new 4 Pole (15.75 foot) windbreaks from OLPro have fantastic designs. They are lightweight and compact with fit together steel poles, and are ideal for caravanners, tenters and motorhomers. Find out more and win one! Woolacombe Bay Holiday Parks Woolacombe Bay Holiday Parks has 4 award winning parks surrounded by spectacular NT countryside next to 3 miles of Blue Flag sandy beach! We're giving you the chance to Win a 1 Week Stay Camping or Touring on an Electric Pitch Paws in the Park 2017 This year Paws in the Park has spring, summer and autumn shows in May, July and September. Endless activities for you and your dog to enjoy plus weekend camping. We're giving you the chance to win family camping at each one! Campsites and Caravan Parks Open All Year Looking for a campsite or caravan site which is open through the winter months? You'll find Christmas, New Year, and winter snow, and early spring sites here. New Season Checks for Caravans / Motorhomes Bringing your caravan or motorhome out of hibernation could result in some things not working properly. Here's a useful checklist to help get you back on the road after winter storage, or after it has not been used for any long period. Tent, Trailer Tent & Awning Review and Photo Showcase Over 13,000 tent reviews, trailer tent reviews, and awning reviews, for all the popular manufacturers, plus thousands of user uploaded photos. Leave a review or upload photos of your own tent, trailer tent or awning Helikon Outdoor Gear We take a look at four items of Helikon outdoor kit, from Military 1st which are ideal for your outdoor adventure kitbag The Caravan and Motorhome Club Previously known as the "Caravan Club" , the club is relaunching, rebranding and renaming itself "Caravan and Motorhome Club" , with new logo, new website and new focus OLPRO Hush Sleeping Bag The Hush Sleeping Bag from OLPRO is a great value 3 season sleeping bag. You can zip two bags together too, meaning you can have a lovely double bag to get cosy in with your other half. Discover our 10% discount code plus a chance to win a pair. Camping Trip Checklist One of our most popular pages. Use our checklist to make sure you never forget anything again. Tick off all your gear, before every camping trip. Pubs with Campsites A list of Public Houses in the UK which also allow camping onsite, or within 100 yards. Pubs with campsites and caravan sites. Carbon Monoxide, BBQ and Fire Safety Advice Safety advice for caravanners and campers relating to barbecues, and CO carbon monoxide poisoning, cooking in tents etc. Please read this and share. Never put a BBQ in a tent to keep warm, it will kill you and your loved ones. AutoSock Ice and Snow Wheel Socks AutoSock car snow socks from The Roof Box Company give normal road tyres the grip they need on ice and snow to get you home. Don't get caught by the awful winter weather again. Claim an exclusive discount, and enter our competition to win some! OLPRO Breeze Inflatable Campervan Awnings Introducing the brand new BREEZE inflatable campervan awnings from OLPRO which erect in from just 5 minutes. They fit any van upto 235cm tall, with three different sizes, the Cubo, the Cocoon, and the Loopo. Massive discounts for UKCampsite.co.uk visitors Shackerstone Family Festival 2017 Discounted Tickets A great family fun day or weekend away in September in Leicestershire. Featuring air displays, aerobatics, jousting, and more. Camping available on site too! Take advantage of our exclusive discount and book your tickets now! Send us your Travel Tales and Blogs Got a camping, caravanning, or motorhoming tale to tell, a special holiday blog, or a story to share? Please send us your stories - we cant promise to make you rich, but we might just give you 15 minutes of fame! Carbon Monoxide Kills - Please download our warning poster Never put a barbecue in your tent or awning, either during or after use. Carbon monoxide fumes from BBQs are invisible, odourless, and lethal. Please read our advice, and download our poster and help spread the word. Caravanning and Campsite Job Finder Fancy working on a campsite? We have vacancies all over the UK, Eire and Europe. Whether you are a campsite looking for new wardens, or an individual looking for a vacancy, then you're in the right place. Submit a Review Write a campsite review for your chance to win a £200 Walkers Camping Kit and Tent AND £100 of Amazon Vouchers Last Minute Pitches A list of sites have available pitches for this weekend and the following. Special Offers We currently have 701 campsites and caravan parks which have special offers, discounts and deals Message Forums The biggest and best camping and caravanning information resource on the net. Info, advice and chat in our friendly forums Random Site Pick! Amerden Caravan & Camping Site Berkshire Random Tent Review Wynnster Venus 5 Caravans For Sale Place or browse FREE for sale ads for caravans, motorhomes, tents and equipment Campsite Jobs Vacancy listings all over the UK & Europe Weather Forecast for 21/08/2017 Special Offers UKCampsite.co.uk users benefit from a range of special offers ranging from equipment to insurance to domain names Site Searches A list of specialised campsite searches Camp fires Tents Only Dog Free Sites Adult only Pub sites Internet access Availability Check Sea Views Open All Year Beach Sites Caravan Storage With Fishing Glamping Seasonal Pitches Naturist Campsites Nr Public Transport Boat Launching With Job Vacancies Special Offers Forest Sites Playgrounds Disabled Facilities Fully Serviced Pitches Best of British Rally Fields Stolen Database Updated list of stolen caravans, motorhomes and trailer tents 4357 Visitors online ! Free UKCampsite.co.uk Window Sticker  -  Recommend to Friend  -  Pensions Auto-enrolment [Message Forums]  [Caravan Sites & Camping]  [Company Listings]  [Features / Advice]  [Virtual Brochure]  [Shop!] [Reception]  [Competitions]  [Caravans & Motorhomes For Sale]  [Event Diary]  [Contact Us]  [Tent Reviews]  Please note we are not responsible for the content of external sites & any reviews represent the author's personal view only. Please report any error here. You may view our privacy and cookie policy here. All copyrights & other intellectual property rights in the design and content of this web site are reserved to the UKCampsite.co.uk © 1999 - 2017
