Cadillac Owners and Enthusiasts Forum Homepage - Over 130,000 Members   Cadillac Forums | Cadillac Classifieds | Cadillac Parts | Cadillac Links | Cadillac Pictures | Cadillac Vendors Cadillac Vendors | Cadillac Technical Archive | Cadillac History | Cadillac Dealers | Cadillac Reviews The Cadillac Owner / Enthusiast Website and Forum Home of the largest Cadillac Discussion Board in the world! LINK TO US Not a member of our Worldwide Cadillac Club with well over 130,000 members? Join us for free! Cadillac Models: eldorado | fleetwood | deville | seville | allante | catera | calais | series 62 | cimarron | cts | sts | dts | escalade | escalade ext | escalade esv | srx | xlr | xts | elr | ats I want to buy a Cadillac, but first I have questions. Cadillac Escalade: The world's most powerful full-size SUV. With a 403 horsepower and 417 lb.ft. of torque, the Cadillac Escalade is a personal empowerment zone with the muscle to back up its bold, distinctive style. MSRP starting at $55,640. Tax, title, license and optional equipment are extra. Learn more about the Cadillac Escalade. Cadillac Escalade EXT Cadillac took the Escalade and genetically altered its DNA to produce a sibling. It's like nothing you've ever seen. 403 horsepower and 417 lb.ft of torque. MSRP starting at $55,115. Tax, title, license and optional equipment are extra. Learn more about the Cadillac EXT. Cadillac Escalade ESV Introducing the most spacious addition to the world's most powerful full-size utilities.* Cadillac ESV is luxury on a grand scale indeed. MSRP starting at $60,610. Tax, title, license and optional equipment are extra. Learn more about the Cadillac ESV. Cadillac STS With a choice of two powerful engines, each with Variable Valve Timing, you'll never have to choose between horsepower and refined performance. The Cadillac STS V8 offers Magnetic Ride Control, the world's fastest reacting suspension system. With MRC, you'll never be forced to choose between precision handling and a fluid ride. MSRP starting at $43,135. Tax, title, license and optional equipment are extra. Learn more about the Cadillac STS. Cadillac DTS The Cadillac DTS makes a statement. It's as sophisticated on the inside as it is on the outside. Take control of the road with refined elegance and power to spare. MSRP starting at $42,590. Tax, title, license and optional equipment are extra. Learn more about the Cadillac DTS. Cadillac SRX Crossover All new design starting at $33,330. 265 horsepower direct injection V6 or 300 horsepower turbo V6 available. One of the most advanced all wheel drive systems available. Pop-up navigation. UltraView sunroof. Power liftgate with memory height. 60 cubic feet of rear cargo space. Learn more about the Cadillac SRX. Cadillac CTS Coupe, Sedan and Sport Wagon: 0-60 in 5.9 seconds. V-Series model? 0-60 in 3.9 seconds - the fastest v8 production sedan in the world... The Cadillac CTS. A sharp, dramatic new design with incredible attention to detail. And a 255-horsepower engine with a five-speed manual transmission that takes you from 0-60 in less than seven seconds. MSRP starting at $32,990. The CTS-V brings you to 60mph in 3.9 seconds with 556 horsepower - the fastest v8 production sedan in the world with a 12.2 second quarter mile at 116.1 miles per hour. The CTS-V starts at $59,995. Tax, title, license and optional equipment are extra. Learn more about the Cadillac CTS. Cadillac XTS (coming soon) From its CUE driver interface—which leaps two generations ahead—to its exhilarating driving experience, the bold new Cadillac XTS ushers in new standards in every ingenious detail. Powerful, yet efficient.1 Stunningly modern, yet meticulously crafted. Tautly proportioned, yet spacious. And with available torque-vectoring All-Wheel Drive and standard Brembo® brakes, the XTS provides the perfect balance between agility and composure. Learn more about the Cadillac XTS. Cadillac ELR (coming soon) The Luxury Touring Coupe That's Electric: Cadillac is proud to announce production of the new standard in extended-range electric vehicles. The Cadillac ELR is a luxurious, dramatic 2+2 coupe, based on the highly acclaimed Cadillac Converj Concept first seen at the North American International Auto Show in 2009. With an electric propulsion system made up of a T-shaped lithium-ion battery, an electric drive unit and a four-cylinder engine generation, the ELR will be as exhilarating as it is responsible. Learn more about the Cadillac ELR. Cadillac ATS (coming soon) Cadillac's first entry into the small luxury car segment. Expect the base model to use a 2.0 liter turbo four cylinder engine boasting 270-hp and 295 lb.-ft of torque. A 3.6 liter direct injected V6, twin turbo 3.0 liter V6 and V8* will be optional (* V-Series only). Learn more about the Cadillac ATS. From post war times until the present day, the Cadillac has enjoyed being known as a vehicle that provides consumers with luxury and quality. Not only do Cadillac vehicles look good, they also provide passengers with a great ride, the driver with easy handling, and styling that is unique to Cadillac, though there are those that try to duplicate and imitate. Of course, history wouldn’t be history without mentioning the low points for Cadillac. Cadillac had always known who its target consumer was, but in the 1980s they tried to go for entry level buyers by producing more compact vehicles, such as the Cimarron. This of course, did not go over well, because it did not fit with what people expected of Cadillac and the younger audience that they were targeting knew that they could buy other compact cars that suited their needs for less than they could buy a Cadillac. Unfortunately, the Cimarron was never really given much of a chance before consumers responded negatively and Cadillac moved on. The Cadillac of today is much different in appearance from that first Cadillac seen in 1903, but still it has the same luxury, quality, comfort, and reliability in common. Cadillac appeals to many people today with its beautiful cars, as well as its luxury sport utility vehicles such as the Escalade. Current Cadillac vehicles sport razor-sharp lines, stacked headlights, sharp looking grilles and a standard 100,000 mile warranty. As they have in the past, Cadillac is meeting the needs of all of the consumers that are looking for luxury, comfort, quality, reliability, and even power. This has been a trend with Cadillac from the very beginning and will likely continue well into the future. While Cadillac is a name that's synonymous with quality, luxury and award-winning customer service for most people, many people do not know the history of the Cadillac name. Interestingly, the name "Cadillac" came from the name of the founder of Detroit, Michigan, who was a French explorer in the 18th century. The first Cadillac was totally complete in 1902 but was not seen by the curious eyes of the public until the following year. Of course, the public was excited about the vehicle, and more than two thousand units were ordered that very day. From that day on, the Cadillac was known as a beautiful, stylish, reliable, and luxurious vehicle. From the very beginning the Cadillac has been synonymous with those that want the finer things in life - and Cadillacs are fine automobiles. Cadillac is not only known because they produce beautiful, reliable cars and trucks, but also because they haven't been afraid to leap ahead in the past and be the first to do things. One of the first things that Cadillac did that no one else had done in a mass produced car is power a vehicle with a V8 engine. Cadillac was the first car manufacturer to put some real power behind the wheel of its vehicle, and it did so in 1915 to the excitement of car lovers worldwide. The Cadillac was also the first car to have an electric start engine instead of having to be cranked, as earlier cars had been. This of course was a huge piece of history, as it changed the way we all use and view vehicles. Here are a few of the latest discussions in our Cadillac forum community: CadillacOwners Live community for owners and enthusiasts of Cadillac luxury performance automobiles. 2002 Deville Factory Radio Replacement "Project" Had the non-bose set up in my base 2002 Deville and decided to upgrade to JVC AVX720. This is the first time I had ran into the need for a specialty adapter like the GMOS-06 and it took me for a... Wiring for amplifier, anyone know a good firewall opening? I'm installing an amp in my trunk, and I have all the wire routing figured out except for getting the power cable through the firewall to the battery. The only opening I found is right by the... Valve Cover problems. '81 Deville Would anyone know why the valve cover that I bought was too small? i got the one that should have fit an 80 to 84 368cid engine. Anyone make a full exhaust system? Is there a company that makes a header back exhaust system (or headers included)? More importantly, is there a way to get rid of the CEL without voiding the powertrain warranty? 2000 DeVille (Base Model) Headrest Removal How can I remove the front seat headrests in my 2000 DeVille (Base Model). I am installing video headrest monitors. Thank you. 6T70 Hydamatic Transmission Here's one for you guys, The Mulroney sticker on the window of my car that listed the world content of the parts, stated that the transmission was made in France. I reconned that it was a... TH425 issue , not shifting gears (77 Eldo) Hi @ all. Yesterday I noticed a big problem with my Eldorado (1977 FWD). After driving for aprox. 35min I parked the car to get some groceries. When I came back I started the engine , put in... Class action suit for heated windshield washer malfunction One of the main reasons I purchased our CTS was for the safety of the heated washer fluid. Now they have decided to rip it out and give me a token payment. I don't accept that...I want a far... 03 cts vs deer. help me please hey guys havent been on in a while but to make a long story short. i hit a deer coming outta work last night. i paniced and left. now if ur from jersey i drove from parsippany to paterson. about 16... Looking for advice on best way to launch car on drag strip vs. on street. On stock tires for now, wondering if there is a specific RPM people are loking for when launching on the track, vs. on the street. I have the street part mostly figured out, but know that on a well... Is membership on this site really beneficial to Cadillac owners? Read what some of our members have to say about being a member of our Cadillac owner and enthusiast community. cadillac magazine | cadillac forum pda browsing | cadillac ats forum | cadillac | cadillac service/shop manuals | more Copyright/IP policy Cadillac Forums | Cadillac Classifieds | Cadillac Parts | Cadillac Links | Cadillac Pictures | Cadillac Vendors | Hyundai Genesis Forum Cadillac Technical Archive | Cadillac History | Cadillac Dealers | Cadillac Reviews | Privacy Policy | About Us | Home cadillacforums.com and cadillacowners.com recognizes that "Cadillac", it's logos and various model names and numbers are registered trademarks of the General Motors Corporation. These terms are used for identification purposes only. cadillacforums.com and cadillacowners.com is not affiliated in any way with the General Motors Corporation, Cadillac or any other company listed herein. All information on this site is the opinion of its members and not the opinion of the site itself. ©2012 Madison Ross Media Group. All rights reserved.  
