BMW 2002 FAQ - BMW 2002 FAQ Jump to content Existing user? Sign In   Sign In Remember me Not recommended on shared computers Sign in anonymously Sign In Forgot your password? Or sign in with one of these services Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign Up All Content All Content Advanced Search Articles Technical Articles Body and Interior Brakes Engine and Drivetrain Electrical and Ignition History and Reference Racing and Safety Suspension and Steering News Events FAQ Use Resources Colors Colors Database Wheels Wheels Database 2002 and other 2 door Sedans Nueu Klasse Sedans and Coupés 700 Forums Discussions '02 General Discussion 2002ti and 1600ti Owners Group 2002 Turbo Discussion NK General Discussion 700 General Discussion Events Project Blogs Project Blogs - Archive FAQ Articles Construction Zone Technical Resources Technical Articles Colors Database Wheels Database Regional Groups Australia Owners Club BayArea02 Chicago '02 Group Florida Georgia Mid-Atlantic Midwest New York Owners Group Nor'East 02ers Pacific Northwest Rivertown Gear Busters Rocky Mountain Sacramento SoCal 02's Texas Classifieds Seller/Buyer Feedback Cars for Sale Parts For Sale Parts Wanted eBay Off Topic Site Problems, Suggestions, and Questions Off-Topic Test Forum Blogs Browse Gallery Member's Albums Event Photos Technical Photos Videos Garage Member Map Feedback Online Users Guidelines Leaderboard Calendar General Calendar Pacific Northwest San Francisco Bay Area Store Store Accessories Parts Donate Orders Manage Purchases My Details Personal Information Addresses Cards Billing Agreements Account Credit Alternative Contacts Referrals Support Memberships Advertising Chat Activity Unread Content Content I Follow Content I Started Content I Posted In Members I Follow   Google Search Content Search 0 × Existing user? Sign In Sign Up Articles Back Articles Technical Articles Back Technical Articles Body and Interior Brakes Engine and Drivetrain Electrical and Ignition History and Reference Racing and Safety Suspension and Steering News Events FAQ Use Resources Back Colors Wheels Back Wheels 2002 and other 2 door Sedans Nueu Klasse Sedans and Coupés 700 Forums Back Forums Discussions Back Discussions '02 General Discussion 2002ti and 1600ti Owners Group 2002 Turbo Discussion NK General Discussion 700 General Discussion Events Project Blogs Project Blogs - Archive FAQ Articles Construction Zone Technical Resources Back Technical Resources Technical Articles Colors Database Wheels Database Regional Groups Back Regional Groups Australia Owners Club BayArea02 Chicago '02 Group Florida Georgia Mid-Atlantic Midwest New York Owners Group Nor'East 02ers Pacific Northwest Rivertown Gear Busters Rocky Mountain Sacramento SoCal 02's Texas Classifieds Back Classifieds Seller/Buyer Feedback Cars for Sale Parts For Sale Parts Wanted eBay Off Topic Back Off Topic Site Problems, Suggestions, and Questions Off-Topic Test Forum Blogs Browse Back Browse Gallery Back Gallery Member's Albums Event Photos Technical Photos Videos Garage Member Map Feedback Online Users Guidelines Leaderboard Calendar Back Calendar General Calendar Pacific Northwest San Francisco Bay Area Store Back Store Store Back Store Accessories Parts Donate Orders Manage Purchases My Details Back My Details Personal Information Addresses Cards Billing Agreements Account Credit Alternative Contacts Referrals Support Memberships Advertising Chat Activity Back Activity Unread Content Back Unread Content Content I Follow Content I Started Content I Posted In Members I Follow Google Search Back Google Search Content Search BMW 2002 FAQ Blogs All Activity Announcements Introducing FAQ Memberships   04/17/2017 I would like to introduce everyone to the FAQ memberships. A fun way to fund the site and to contribute for those who are interested.    Everyone starts as a Solex Member.  This membership is free and not much visible is changing (I limited the personal message storage to 150).   Kugelfischer membership.  As a reward for your donation of $20.02 per year, you will not see any external advertisements, the site will look cleaner and run a bit faster. You will also get a couple of BMW 2002 FAQ Stickers.   Turbo Membership.  As a reward for your donation of $50.02, you will not see any external advertisements, the site will look cleaner and run a bit faster.  You will also get unlimited Personal Message storage, ability to create Private and Restricted Photo Albums. You will also get a couple of BMW 2002 FAQ Stickers and a Bottle Opener.   Alpina Membership.  As a reward for your donation of $100.02 per year, you will not see any external advertisements, the site will look cleaner and run a bit faster.  You will also get unlimited Personal Message storage, ability to create Private and Restricted Photo Albums, and an ability to upload Movies to the gallery. You will also get a couple of BMW 2002 FAQ Stickers, a Bottle Opener, and discounts on our accessories at the store.   There is also a fancy title that comes with each membership.   2002 carby to ITB MegaSquirt Injection Front Brake Pad Installation Blaupunkt Radios of the '02 Era Marchal rally lights for BMWs Swap of a Later Transmission into an Early Car At The Vintage:Another one for the history books Recent Blogs #ProjectBetty - 1600-2 Rebuild A blog by larryt 36 entries 67 comments 3731 views Recent Entries Door Cards Arm Rest - Restoration Center Console Weekday Bits and Bobs WIndscreens and Wiring Latest Entry Door Cards Another day closer to the end, i'm really pushing hard to try and get this finished now before winter, i want to get it back to my house before winter sets in.    so after my success with the arm rests i set about cleaning and painting the old door cards, i figure i couldnt make the look any worse than they already are!   The original dirty door cards, worked out that the burning came from the previous owner who welded in seat belt mounts without removing the door cards.. thanks chum!  I think we can all agree they look pretty horrible, and i dont really want to put these back in the car after all the work i've done.    Cleaned off the crud with some non-acidic citrus cleaner, really good stuff, and after a quick dry in the "sun" they were ready for some masking tape and prepped for paint.   as with the front arm rests, the rears would need to be done too, so a little clean and dry, these were also ready for some spray.   i chose to use the same 'Direct to Vinyl' spray from rustoleum, its a great product and goes on well. My only word of advise is, it does come out a bit wet, so recommend many light coats, not one heavy coat.. you will get the runs    Painted and Drying.   This photo was taken after two coats of the paint and a bit of curing in the sun.    With the bits all screwed back on, i think its looking pretty dang good! the bottom part of the door card is slightly shiny compared to the original black top, i hope this fades over time.   Sitting in place in the car, not secured down but so far not to bad! You may be wondering why i have left the chrome trim a bit tatty? its a conscious decision to leave the car with some characteristics of its former life. i didnt want to strip every ounce of character the car had, so i am leaving the interior trim and all exterior trim with the bumps, scuffs and marks they came with.   whilst i was waiting for various interior parts to dry, i got cleaning with the calipers and licked a fresh coat of black VHT paint on them. Much Better   back down the garage again this evening for more work!  Read more... 0 comments My '02's Reserection A blog by joysterm 17 entries 21 comments 13731 views Recent Entries MY INTERIOR - Traditional or Custom Sub Frame Install and update Paint vs. Powder Coat The Wet North West Where has the time gone? Latest Entry MY INTERIOR - Traditional or Custom First some background...   From the day I committed to this project and  up until just a few months ago, close to some 4 years now,  I struggled with a clear plan or direction when it came to the interior and what I wanted it to be.   I remember receiving a message from a member of the FAQ shortly after introducing my car the the site saying “what ever you do to it, do not paint it...leave it as a survivor. Your car is more valuable without any fancy upgrades.”  At the time I was somewhat confused by the suggestion, after all it had been some 30+ years since I had experienced the joy of driving it. I just wanted to have that feeling again.   With that said knew I wanted more than something a stock O2 was going to offer me. Fortunately,  I was now in a better position that would allow me to sink a few dollars in it to make it go a lil faster and handle just a bit better. All the rest was not at the forefront of my thinking. So once I decided what I wanted performance wise I knew it was no longer going to be a survivor. To be honest, the car was more important as a source of enjoyment rather as a potential investment.   So with all that in mind, I struggled with what I wanted to do with the interior. I was however committed to keeping the car as close to its roots as possible and  more importantly, what works for me. So, I started searching for ideas and collecting examples of what I consider to be something I would like to have sitting in my car. That part of the process took me about a year. After all I had I had a bit of time before I was even close to starting the work.   My predicament now was how far do I push the envelope in terms of trying to stay true to my pledge. What do I keep and what to I change to suit my tastes. This decision was somewhat easier to make once I started to see progress in the other areas of my build.  Seeing what others had done with their builds also was a huge help. It provided me with both comfort and inspiration with what I wanted to do. Finally, I now had a plan that I could follow but I was to quickly learn it would not be without a lot of trail and error. A lot of the former and more of the latter.   But first some prep work was required was going to be required before I could start. This work was all completed before the car went to the restoration shop. I have covered this step in an earlier post but thought it worthwhile to provide some continuity.    Some befores of the first job....taking out.the sound proofing. Fortunately  no worries of rust to deal with.     After a few pounds of dry ice and a quick bead blast.....   ....it was ready for a  quick blast of epoxy.     Next plugged the holes .....It would soon be ready for the next step.....mocking up the rear seats and console.   First some DYNA-MAT   But first the complete install of  Dyna-Mat. It did take a few nights to complete with the help of a heat gun and roller to help in dealing with all the the contour and ridges of the floor pan and bulk heads. A little more than 100 sq. ft were used to cover everything, including the roof and door skins. This was a logical place to start for me seeing as this was the first experience with the product.      Once the sound deadening was complete I was ready to deal with more of the stuff you could actually appreciate and SEE.  As mentioned earlier I struggled with what I was going to do with the seats. I was torn with using the stock seats. They were in near perfect condition but after researching some different ideas I slowly started to think of a complete redesign when it came to the interior. After seeing a lot of projects with Recaros, I thought about taking the upgrade a lil farther with changing the rears as well. It certainly has its drawbacks with this upgrade but I was prepared to make it work.  So after sending a few more weeks looking at different interiors I decided that I would try to source a set of E24 rear seats to  match up with a period set of Recaros. Fortunately I found a pair rears first from another FAQ member who was relatively close to me.  The fronts would take a lil longer to land.   Once I had them in my possession I was anxious to get them in so after doing some more research I was set. I made a  few strategic  cuts and some fine tuning with a trusty cut off tool the seats were in and positioned within a couple of hours. I thought they looked great.   For those contemplating a similar install beware there is a consideracble amount of retro fitting. I was faced with a sizeable gap between the top of the rear bulkhead and the back of the seat. In addition there was another area between the respective rear cards and the edge of the seats that I would have to be address to help achieve that custom look.  I will endeavour to illustrate that in the next post. But for now they fit pretty snug. I just had to figure out how I was going to secure and finish them off.   To secure the base I decided to use the stock lower brackets on the E24 seat. They lined up perfectly with the top of the cars rear seat bulkhead. I just had to drill an appropriate size hole for a machine bolt and clip nut. Securing the top portion of the seat was a little more of a challenge. Here  I had to fabricate a L shape bracket and riveted to the rear of the seat. A similar bracket was then fixed to the rear bulkhead  to accept a 10m bolt. The downside to all this ....it would have to be accessed from the trunk to remove these brackets.   I should also point out I decided to use the centre console design and try to incorporate a 3rd brake light to take advantage of the higher profile of the top portion of the console. This would be cut into a redesigned self tray. It would also help filling that gap created by the new seats. I will try to detail those issues in the next post.     Thanks for taking the time to have a look.   Regards Read more... 1 comment 02princessLisa with her Tesoro & Derby A blog by 02princessLisa 116 entries 353 comments 56845 views Recent Entries Something amazing is about to happen! August 10, 2017 02PCC ! July 30, 2017 Derby soaking in some summer sunshine! 07/21/17 Summer Nights.... July 18, 2017 "Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness" July 4, 2017 Latest Entry Something amazing is about to happen! August 10, 2017 Had both Derby and Tesoro trailered out to Burbank for a shooting on a youtube episode for Jay Leno's Garage.   What an amazing experience to be in a presence of a very well known car enthusiast with a super large collection of rare cars!    Both cars were trailed down with the help of Performance Technic and my local mechanic Bill Arnold.    Jay LOVED Derby... he glanced over at Tesoro and admired the recent build, but Jay absolutely fell In love with an 'unmodified, mostly original car' within Derby.   Filming was nerve wracking and I felt very rushed as I didn't get to say what I wanted to about Derby so much... it just went very rapidly and lights and cameras were recording at different directions which were not easy to follow from someone who has no TV experience...    Jay and I then went on a drive and that's when it was much more relaxed and answering questions was much more easier than being put on the spot.    Jay had a catered lunch and we got to tour his HUGE collection of cars. Regardless if someone's garage is bigger or better than the other person's ... Jay was a total down to earth person who has the same "car enthusiast bug sensation" that we all share.    Can't believe what a dream come true this is...  I hope to have represented the 02 community with much pride and respect and as soon as the show is posted, I will share the link on my blog.    It's owning both these pieces of art and meeting car enthusiasts of all different levels of love for these boxy little german cars that makes this car passion so incredibly amazing ...    Cheers! (With my gin and tonic in the garage detailing Derby before taking off to Burbank)      Read more... 8 comments Upcoming Events Sep 02 1 Coffee and Classics South Florida 09/02/2017 12:30 PM Until 08:00 AM Sep 16 0 SF Bay Area Neue Klasse and Kaffee 09/16/2017 03:00 PM Until 06:00 PM Recent Images 0 image.jpeg By jmbeatt2 August 14 0 Right Control Arm By 69Bimmer02 August 3 0 Transmission By 69Bimmer02 August 3 All Activity Privacy Policy Contact Us BMW 2002 FAQ Powered by Invision Community × Existing user? Sign In Sign Up Articles Back Articles Tutorials Back Body and Interior Brakes Electrical and Ignition Engine and Drivetrain History and Reference Racing and Safety Suspension and Steering Events News FAQ Use Forums Back Forums Discussions Back '02 General Discussion 2002ti and 1600ti Owners Group 2002 Turbo NK General Discussion 700 General Discussion Events Project Blogs Project Blogs - Archive FAQ Articles Construction Zone Technical Resources Regional Groups Classifieds Back Seller, Buyer Feedback Cars for Sale Parts for Sale Parts Wanted ebay Off Topic Blogs Browse Back Browse Gallery Videos Garage Member Map Feedback Online Users Guidelines Leaderboard Wheels Colors Calendar Store Back Store Donations Orders Manage Purchases My Details Back Personal Information Addresses Billing Agreements Alternative Contacts Support Chat Activity Back Activity All Activity My Activity Streams Unread Content Content I Started Search
