Tennessee Deer Hunting | Deer Hunting Tips | Whitetail Deer Hunting Home Forums Hunting Tips Shooting at Deer from Different Angles At the end of every hunting season, we hear stories from hunters who lament that they hit a deer “right behind the shoulder” only to [...] Recovering Wounded Animals – Part I If I were to start a sentence describing what wounded game does, the only word I could not use would be Always. You simply cannot [...] Calling All Deer – Part I When a hunter buys a deer call, walks into the woods and starts calling, it is about like handing an average person a trumpet and [...] Five Reasons to Take Your Son Hunting In the rush to get out of the house and into the deer stand, sometimes hunters can forget that there might be some little people [...] A Complete Look at Rattling – Part I There is nothing new about rattling for whitetail deer. Once thought to only be effective only in Texas, we now know it will work almost [...] Understanding Whitetail Behavior – Part I I like the idea of seeing a buck in one place, one afternoon, and feeling pretty sure he will be there the next afternoon. I [...] Latest News Gatlin Guns & Archery Mark Freeman - (0) comments Hunters, shooters, archery enthusiast, gun collectors? If you fit into any of those categories you need to know about Gatlin Guns and Archery! Located at 79 Twin Springs Road in Petersburg TN. Gatlin Guns [...] Read More Shooting at Deer from Different Angles Chuck Tarinelli - (0) comments At the end of every hunting season, we hear stories from hunters who lament that they hit a deer “right behind the shoulder” only to have the animal run off and not be recovered. [...] Read More Recovering Wounded Animals – Part II John Sloan - (0) comments As long as I can see a blood trail, providing I can determine the wound is at least potentially fatal, I want that deer moving and bleeding. That philosophy has enabled me to recover [...] Read More Recovering Wounded Animals – Part I John Sloan - (0) comments If I were to start a sentence describing what wounded game does, the only word I could not use would be Always. You simply cannot say that a wounded animal always does anything. I [...] Read More Calling All Deer – Part II John Sloan - (0) comments Of the three types of calling I refer to, reaction calling may be the hardest to understand and to do. I will deal with it right now and be done with it. Reaction calling [...] Read More Calling All Deer – Part I John Sloan - (0) comments When a hunter buys a deer call, walks into the woods and starts calling, it is about like handing an average person a trumpet and expect him to play, When The Saints Go Marching [...] Read More Health Benefits of Wild Game April Freeman - (0) comments If you are a hunter, chances are that you love to eat the fruits of your hunt. While many people like the flavor of wild game, there are other unseen advantages to replacing the [...] Read More Five Reasons to Take Your Son Hunting April Freeman - (0) comments In the rush to get out of the house and into the deer stand, sometimes hunters can forget that there might be some little people in the house who are growing up into the [...] Read More A Complete Look at Rattling – Part III John Sloan - (0) comments Now it is a street fight. Now the gloves come off. If you have ever heard an all-out buck fight, you realize you cannot get too loud or too violent. It is an awesome [...] Read More A Complete Look at Rattling – Part II John Sloan - (0) comments If the sparring stage of antler engagement can be likened to two young kids on a grade school playground, the next stage may be the high school boys. We are not yet at full [...] Read More 12 Other Categories TN Outdoor Businesses Gatlin Guns & Archery Mark Freeman Buffalo River Taxidermy Mark Freeman Taylor’s Archery Tracy Taylor © 2017 Tennessee Hunting Club. All Rights Reserved. Home Advertise Contact Us Links Terms of Use  
