PbNation | Paintball's Home Page Trending Become an Annual Supporting Member (ASM) and win awesome paintball gear! Make sure you subscribe to our Youtube channel! PbNation has the most active Facebook in paintball. Like our page for daily awesome. Want to find the most recent posts on PbNation? Click here... PbNation's Instagram is growing by the day! Check it out! Sign In Join Username Password Remember Me Sign In Forum News Reviews Pursuit Field & Store finder Shop Advertise New MSXL Video John August 18th, 2017 Ohio was everything we have come to expect from a Mid-South Xball League event! The highest quality fields, refs, and competition all came together to form the type of local event that only the MSXL can deliver. Spantastik doesn't disappoint with this highlight video from the event featuring music from Rise Against! The next leg of the series goes down next weekend in St Louis. Photo by the legendary Dane Hawkins 5 Millennium World Cup Layout karl_eller August 17th, 2017 The Millennium Series World Cup layout is up! The Millennium is returning to beautiful Chantilly, France just outside of Paris. This layout is different than any we have seen before. Remember, the Millennium Series plays with limited paint per team (a hopper and two pods per player), so how do you think this layout will play taking that into account? 7 Jersey Combo Package from Anthrax Anthrax Paintball August 17th, 2017 The perfect package for a day on the field, training or in the hardest tournament conditions. Don't have a design? Anthrax has designers on staff ready to help out! This sale is only valid until the 30th of August so get to ordering before it is too late! 7 Just I US - WCPPL Oceanside Video John August 16th, 2017 Watch this highlight reel from team Just I US at the 2017 WCPPL Oceanside event. APX Is a proud paint sponsor of the WCPPL Tournament Series which features the top divisional teams in the west. APX is a US based paintball manufacturer which produces some of the highest quality paintballs in the industry. They believe that a quality paintball experience starts with a quality paintball. Sponsored post 9 NXL Chicago Layout - Corrected John August 16th, 2017 The National Xball League (NXL) has released the Chicago layout one week early! This planned departure from the usual two weeks early is due to Labor Day being the weekend before the Chicago NXL event. This way teams can still get two full weekends of practice without missing their long weekend away from paintball. Dedicated teams can also get a 3rd weekend of practice. What do you think about the layout? What about the throwback diamond on the 50? 32 Play Supergame this Weekend! OXCC August 15th, 2017 Come out and play the very first East Coast SuperGame this weekend at OXCC, Outdoor Xtreme Chesapeake City in Maryland. SuperGame has always brought families, scenario teams, vendors, and brand new paintball players together for an amazing 3 days of excitement and this game will be no exception. SuperGame has been one of the largest Big Games on the West Coast since 1989. Don't miss the EAST COAST debut! 25 DYE Axis Pro Goggle Dye August 13th, 2017 The DYE Axis Pro Goggle comes upgraded with a DYEtanium coated mirrored triodial anti-fog thermal lens and new color additions of red, blue, and green. The co-molded dual density mask offers flexibility and a proper fit. The multi-ported earpiece allows unrestricted audio transfer to take place without sacrificing any ear protection and provides total comfort with two-layer foam. 44 Last Chance Sale on Spire 260 VPB-ChristianW August 12th, 2017 Ok, this sale is pretty epic. Virtue Spire 260s are free with select VIO Contours, when purchased for 169.95. That's high end goggle and loader for 170 bucks. Six of the color combos are priced at 169.95, four of the combos are priced as 199.95. This is the last chance to get one of the graphic or classic colored Spire 260s. Once these loaders are gone the Spire 260 will only be sold as an upgrade shell, not the complete loader. 15 Best Kids in Texas Trailer John August 11th, 2017 The latest release in Eclipse's Artifact Film Series features San Antonio X-Factor, currently ranked second the 2017 NXL Series. The film features dozens of interviews shot over the course of 18 months with past and current X-Factor players, as well as important figures in the Texas tournament paintball scene from the late 1990s and early 2000s. Best Kids In Texas also features tons of archival footage from the last ten years. Colt Roberts from X-Factor said “Having our story shared with all of the fans of paintball feels like the culmination of an era. Thank you to all who have made it possible to share what I would consider the paintball dream; starting as a group of kids playing at the local level, and sticking together to reach to the upper echelons of competition.” 20 Play Smarter Paintball (Video) John August 10th, 2017 In this episode, Ryan helps build on team communication and progressing up the field. This is what Mr. Greenspan himself had to say about this drill: "This is a two man operational drill. The goal of the drill is to move your players to specified bunkers while working together to execute the goal. Communication is the key focus, while the main objective is to work together to move down the field. Sponsored video by PB Swagbag 3 Show More About Advertise Contact Us Top Terms of Use  
