Nissan Note Owners Club - Note Forums, Note Owners, Nissan Note Nissan Note Owners Club Nissan Note Forum REGISTER Contact Nissan Note Gallery Nissan Note News Welcome to the Nissan Note Owners Club and Nissan Note Forums. We're the UK's car club for all things Note! Welcome to Nissan Note Owners Club Welcome to the Nissan Note Owners Club & Note Forum, our site is dedicated to the Nissan Note and we constantly bring you the latest Nissan Note news, reviews, press releases and images. Our Nissan Note Forums are free to join and will grow to cover a wealth of information on everything about the Note - feel free to sign up now and post about your orders, your ordering questions, owners guides, nissan note faults, upgrades and anything else you need to know! Nissan Note Forums Our forums are free to join and use with discounts, tips and advice. Join Now Designed, engineered and manufactured in the UK, Nissan's unconventional NOTE aims to appeal as much to the head as to the heart. Breaking through conventional boundaries, it's a family hatchback that delivers the comfort and equipment of a C segment car, but with the agility and easy driving qualities of a B segment hatchback. The award-winning range (Auto Express has voted it Best 'Supermini MPV' continuously for three years) has recently benefited from a series of major changes with enhancements to both styling and specification during 2009 followed by further improvements for the 2011 model year. In particular the Nissan Connect system - the integrated audio, navigation and communication package that is being rolled out progressively across the Nissan line-up is now available on Note.. Since Pixo and the new Micra are only available with petrol engines, Note has become the entry point to the Nissan range for diesel enthusiasts. Even more significantly, recent improvements to the 1.5 dCi unit means not only is the engine fully Euro 5 compliant but its CO2 emissions have dropped to a mere 110 g/km. It's all part of Nissan's quest to continue to lower the emissions from all its cars. Any Nissan producing less than 130 g/km is permitted to wear a discreet 'Pure Drive' badge on its tail. Note joins Pixo, Micra, versions of Juke and QASHQAI and, of course, LEAF in lowering tailpipe emissions whether the power unit in petrol, diesel or electric. New to the Forums Technical Forums Note Chat Members Galleries Nissan Note News Nissan Note – Black Edition Pictures Striking contemporary design, a high standard specification and a touch of premium quality seamlessly blend together on a new special version of the Nissan Note – the Black Edition. Posted in Nissan Note Gallery NISSAN NOTE BLACK EDITION: STAND OUT WITH STYLE Striking contemporary design, a high standard specification and a touch of premium quality seamlessly blend together on a new special version of the Nissan Note – the Black Edition. The most eye-catching enhancement is to the exterior of the popular compact (B-segment) hatchback. The addition of a Dynamic Styling Pack means sporty body-coloured bumpers front […] Posted in Nissan Note News Nissan Note Nismo and Nismo S go on sale in Japan Nissan has introduced in Japan the Nismo and Nismo S versions of the Note, following an announcement made late July. These two niche models come with a more aggressive body finished in gray, black silver or white with red accents and riding on 16-inch wheels (17-inch for Nismo S). Both of them benefit from suspension […] Posted in Nissan Note News Nissan Note Gets Supercharged DIG-S Engine and Dynamic Styling Pack The innovative and distinctive Nissan Note range has been boosted by the arrival in showrooms of the DIG-S. Powered by Nissan’s state-of-the-art supercharged petrol engine, DIG-S promises best in class efficiency and low running costs to match its bold design and smart technology. The advanced direct injection engine delivers the economy and emissions of a […] Posted in Nissan Note News PRODUCTION OF THE NEW NISSAN NOTE STARTS Nissan is today celebrating the start of production of the new Nissan Note at its record-breaking Sunderland Plant. Already the UK’s biggest ever car plant, the new Note is set to boost production even further in Sunderland following a £125m investment by Nissan, secured for the UK with a £9.3m grant from the UK Government’s […] Posted in Nissan Note News Nissan Note Forum Posts Help And Advice E12 2013 - onwards : You+ Nissan and Nissan Connect Author: Brid MikeSubject: You+ Nissan and Nissan ConnectPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 9:00pmTry it through your phones browser I find the app doesn't always work I had to ring Nissan uk when I first set mine up with a similar issue ... Posted in Note Forums Newbies : Rip in drivers seat Author: coolhandsSubject: Rip in drivers seatPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 8:55pmDo we know if later E12 front seats will bolt straight in? Or are fittings / floorpan different? ... Posted in Note Forums Newbies : Rip in drivers seat Author: flash22Subject: Rip in drivers seatPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 7:56pmunfortunately its not a uncommon problem, find a seat from the breakers tbh ... Posted in Note Forums Electrical : TPMS warning light won't go out Author: mnlSubject: TPMS warning light won't go outPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 7:49pmIf that doesn't work, and the pressures are correct, it is broken. ... Posted in Note Forums Help and Advice E11 2005 - 2013 : E11 Sway Bar replacement Author: flash22Subject: E11 Sway Bar replacementPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 7:45pmonly the auto uses the passenger side one - its a subframe hanger they rarely go, But do strip bolts and rip threads out Febest list the parts on there site iirc the drivers side one is Febest NM1 (Nissan part. 54524-B ... Posted in Note Forums Nissan Note Owners Club Copyright © Nissan Note Owners Club 2011 - 2017. QashQai Forums | Jaguar XE Forums Contact Us Email: info@noteownersclub.co.uk or complete our contact form. Follow Us x Cookie and Data Use Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on this website and so that ads you see online can be tailored to your online browsing interests. We use data about you for a number of purposes explained in the links below. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of data and cookies. |
