Speypages Your #1 Internet Spey Casting Resource    Home Spey Clave Gallery Membership Reviews Rods Lines Reels Spey Q & A Mike Kinney Bob Clay Sponsorship Sponsors Sponsor Us Spey Tech Custom Lines Presentation About Us Welcome to another year of the Speypages! For those of you new to the site, Speypages began in 2000 as a small project to keep Dana awake while he was working on his MA in Educational Leadership. What began as a small public bulletin board frequented by a few friends grew into tackle reviews, the Speypages Newsletter and a growing international audience. In 2005 we moved to our own servers and experienced tremendous growth, making Speypages the largest, most active Spey resource on the web. Despite the economic downturn which impacted many of our sponsors, Speypages continues to grow. We remain true to our original vision, and by keeping things friendly and fun Speypages continues to set the standard by which other Spey-related websites are measured. We're proud of our little project and honored that you choose to spend you time here. Join us on the Speyclave, our active bulletin board, which is frequented by Speycasters from around the world. If you are looking for information about the two- handed rod, someone on the Speyclave is sure to have the answer you are after. Thanks for joining us and enjoy the site!   legal notice: "Speypages", "Spey Pages", "Speyclave", "Spey Clave", "International Spey Clave", "Speypages.com" and "Speyclave.com" and the Speypages logo are trademarks of Dana Sturn, Sean Ransom and Speypages.com site and contents copyright 2000 - 2010 by Dana Sturn and Sean Ransom. all rights reserved Speypages logo illustration by Greg Pearson While we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information presented in our Speypages articles, we cannot be responsible for any errors or omissions. The Speyclave bulletin board and Gallery are provided free of charge for entertainment purposes only. Speypages.com or its owners and staff cannot be held responsible for any inaccuracies, errors, or omissions, and is not responsible for the content of individual posts or threads. Any misuse--including but not limited to the posting of profanity, pornography, or libelous material--will result in termination of site privileges. We will report illegal activities to the appropriate authorities. Fly Fishing, as an activity that occurs in, on or near the water and in often remote locations, is an inherently risky pursuit that can become life-threatening. Please take precautions to ensure your safety. We want to see you back here again safe and sound at Speypages.com!   Terms of Use  
