Pro-Touring.com - Welcome to Pro-Touring.com Register Help Remember Me? Home Welcome to Pro-Touring.com News Events New Products Tech Articles Videos What's New? Forum PT Garage Today's Posts Share The Ride Videos Event Calendar Advanced Search Home Welcome to Pro-Touring.com If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Welcome to Pro-Touring.com Behind The Wheel Feature With Casey  BEHIND THE WHEEL FEATURE WITH CASEY CRONIN Powered By Optima Batteries Written By Brandy Phillips Photos By Brandy Phillips and Casey Cronin's Facebook Page There comes a time when you meet someone great, someone with knowledge, kindness and compassion. Upon meeting this person, you know that this person can never be forgotten. ... Read More The Golden Ticket  Do you remember Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory? It’s a story about a kid who finds a golden ticket in his candy bar and wins a dream-come-true visit to a strange factory. Last week ... Read More New Pulley System from Concept One  Following the introduction of the 8-rib Victory Series HD Pulley System in early 2016, Concept One Pulley Systems is now introducing a new system designed ... Read More BIG RED RISES FROM THE ASHES  by Trackside-Suzy View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Big Red is back. Yes, that Big Red – The Original Badass, Big Red Camaro. If you still don’t know what I’m talking about, maybe this will refresh your memory: "...After a few years of running in Mexico, RJ Gottlieb joined his father at the 2nd annual Silver State Challenge. ... Read More Billet Rides Convex Mirrors  Billet Rides Billet Side View Mirrors NOW WITH CONVEX GLASS!!!! All Models of Billet Rides Side View Mirrors will Now feature CONVEX GLASS!!!! All models are in Stock!!! Get them while you can!!! ... Read More Holley LS Fest West  Holley LS Fest has become the go-to event for fans of GM’s high performance do-it-all LS engine platform. For 2017, Holley is introducing an additional LS Fest event – LS Fest West to ... Read More Behind the Wheel with Martin Van Weerlee  by Trackside-Suzy View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles If you've been around pro-touring or Optima events in the fall, you will have no doubt met Martin van Weerlee. Even if you don't seek him out, he will likely find you and greet you with a huge smile, a hearty handshake and several words about your thread on Pro-touring. As Martin excitedly goes into his interest in your car, you're probably not saying a thing because A) it's surprising how much he knows about you and, B) his accent takes a few minutes to decipher as English is not his first language, ... Read More It's a totally different car!  I had the gang at JCG install my RideTech Street Grip system in our '55 Bel Air. It works really well and it rides and handles very nicely. ... Read More RideTech Announces Exciting New Partnership!  RideTech and the National Corvette Museum are very proud to announce their new product partnership that will begin on August 27 at the NCM Motorsports Park in Bowling Green, KY. This partnership will include installing RideTech triple adjustable ... Read More New Product - Concept One  Concept One Pulley Systems Introduces Victory Series HD Pulley System Cumming, GA (April 15, 2016) – Concept One Pulley Systems introduces a brand new Victory Series HD Pulley System. The new system is a heavy-duty 8-rib pulley kit with 33% more grip than a standard 6-rib kit. The Victory Series HD Pulley System features heavy-duty tensioner, extra bracketing and is engineered for 500+ horsepower LS street engines. ... Read More Circuit of The Americas photos and results  Results - https://clubregistration.net/clients...m?eventID=7059 ... Read More Our new project - 1955 Bel Air  This is the first video documenting the transition of our '55 Bel Air into a Pro-Touring ride. The first thing we did was install a set of 17"x7" Wheel Vintiques Rallye Wheels with trim ... Read More James Otto’s Awesome 1966 C-10 Chevy  Country music artist James Otto inherited his grandfather's beloved C-10 pickup and decided to give it a pro-touring restoration in his grandfather's ... Read More Morris Classic Concepts has a new web site  Check out the new web site and new products at https://www.morrisclassic.com/ ... Read More Behind The Wheel - Mark Allen  Making Each Day Count Mark Allen- A Behind the Wheel Feature Powered by Optima Batteries Written By Brandy Phillips http://www.pro-touring.com/threads/1...tima-Batteries ... Read More Parking lot swap  At the recent GoodGuys Scottsdale show, RideTech put their new StreetGRIP System to the test. They wanted to show both the ease of installation AND the performance improvements, so they did a LIVE install in the parking lot at the show with autocross runs before and after. It doesn't get ... Read More Morris Classic Concepts Light Assembly  '69 Camaro Ornate Grille Light Assembly Morris Classic Concepts has released a new Park / Turn Signal light assembly. Chose the Year, Rectangle or Bowtie to have turn signal lights with ... Read More Cruisin The Smokies  2nd annual Cruisin The Smokies event registration is open and selling out fast! Cruisin the Smokies - April 28th - May 1st, 2016 - What to expect! This event is a new twist on car events. While they will have some of the usual things expected at a car event, such as a cruise-in and even an autocross, ... Read More Gary Meadors, Founder of Goodguys Has Passed Away  Gary Meadors 1939-2015 ... Read More New products from Billet Rides  We are releasing this new image of our pro-touring designed side view mirrors without fasteners in the leading edge. Limited quantities are available. Our new brushed model is now available as well. The bottom of the base and the retaining ring have been brushed to add another dimension to these amazing mirrors. We have very few of these available so if if you are interested please let me know quickly utilizing ... Read More Optima Batteries Sponsored Links Tag cloud 67 camaro 69camaro 1968 camaro 1969 1969 camaro a body autocross behind the wheel billet billet specialties billet wheel billet wheels btw c10 camaro camaro 1969 chevelle chevrolet chevy coil-over convertible corvette cougar crossmember dash efi fast firebird ford forged wheels forgeline for sale frame swap gbody goodguys hdc hot rod hot rod dynamics hurst interior ls1 ls2 ls3 lsx malibu muscle car mustang nova optima optima batteries pontiac project pro touring protouring racing restomod restoration ridetech sbc speedtech steering suspension t56 tko tko600 transmission tremec upholstery wheels wilwood Contact Us Welcome to Pro-Touring.com & G-Machines.com Archive Top All times are GMT -8. The time now is 12:35 PM. Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2015 Pro-Touring.com / G-Machines.com
