Deer Hunting | Deer Hunting Tips | Whitetail Deer Hunting | DeerHuntersClub.com Home Team DHC Forums Gallery Deer Hunting Tips Hunting Gear Outfitters Recipes FREE Membership Deer Hunting Welcome to DeerHuntersClub.com, your home for information and discussion about one of the oldest and greatest outdoor sports of all time: deer hunting. We have loads of deer hunting information available to help you be successful with your outdoor adventures. There are areas dedicated to wild game recipes, deer hunting gear reviews, outfitters, and tips to help you on your next deer hunt. It is absolutely free to join our community, so please take a moment and register today! Registration will allow you to post in our deer hunting forums, upload your deer hunting pictures to our gallery, and be eligible for special contests and prize drawings. Our forums are very active and visited on a daily basis by deer hunters around the United States. We cover a wide range of topics in our forums so you are able to learn and share in all aspects of deer hunting. Recently Added Deer Hunting Articles Hemorrhagic (Blue Tongue) Disease in Deer Deer Ticks The Rut Deer Rubs Fallow Deer Black Tailed Deer Mule Deer Hunting The Traveling Hunter » View a list of all of our general Deer Hunting Articles Recently Added Deer Hunting Tips Long Range Shooting Scent Elimination Field Dressing Guide Hunting Load Accuracy Shot Placement Gun Safety Tips Reloading » View a list of all of our Deer Hunting Tips Articles Deer Hunting Regions We've compiled info pages on some of the more popular deer hunting regions below. Each state article has some interesting deer hunting history. In each state you will find information on the current deer population, the Boone and Crockett typical and non-typical records, as well as popular public hunting areas. Do you hunt in one of these states? Know of an interesting fact or information that should be included here? Send us an email or introduce yourself in our deer hunting forums. We would love to hear from you! Alabama Arkansas California Colorado Florida Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Michigan Minnesota Missouri Montana Nebraska New York Ohio Oklahoma Pennsylvania Tennessee Texas Wisconsin Alaska Bear Hunting Team DHC Members Team DHC is made up of experienced deer hunters from various walks of life. We have members from states as far north as Vermont and as far south as Tennessee. Team DHC is an area where hunters that are willing have shared some of the deer hunting tips and hunting experiences they have picked up over the years. If you're an experienced deer hunter that loves to write and share his experiences with other hunters world wide we have a spot available to you as a guest contributor to DeerHuntersClub. Email us to find out additional information. Mark Freeman Tennessee Darrell Morse NW Ohio Ryan Taylor Missouri Karina Texas Team DHC Articles Antlers or Horns? Many people use the term horns when referring to a whitetail bucks rack. In fact, horns are made out of keratin and they grow and stay in place for the rest of an animals life (unless cut off). Hunting the Pre-Rut Ahh, the age old question, how do I hunt something that only comes out at night? It’s a fact, as bucks grow older they get wiser, just like people, well most people. They know exactly when to be on their feet and when to be bedded down... Taxidermy Tips During almost thirty years as a professional taxidermist, I mounted hundreds of trophy animals for hunters who were either very skilled, or just plain lucky, or both. One thing that most of them had in common, regardless of how they got their trophy, was a failure to plan... Random Images from the Gallery Recent Hunting Gear Reviews Hunting Gear Reviews Wildgame Timberview Digital Game Camera CVA Wolf .50 Caliber Inline Muzzleloader TenPoint Woodsman Crossbow Ameristep Pop-up Hunting Blind Knight LK-93 .50 Caliber Inline Muzzleloader Our Most Popular Content Deer Hunting Deer Hunting Forums Deer Hunting Tips Field Dressing Guide Scent Elimination Deer Attractants Tree Stand Safety Copyright © 2006-2018 DeerHuntersClub.com Advertise · Contact Us · Links Terms of Use  
