Ice Fishing Chat News FeedComments Home Forum Free Classifieds Contact Us Ice Fishing Videos Mid-Season Ice Fishing Tips by Bob Jensen The middle part of the ice-fishing season will soon be here.  There are things we do in the middle of the season that we don’t do earlier in the year.  For more fishing success in the next few weeks, keep these ideas in mind. I was fishing for perch through the ice last year in South Dakota with Blake and Taylor Anderson.  These guys are as sharp as it gets when it comes to ice-fishing.  The perch seemed to be kind of spooky at mid-day.  We could see numbers of perch on the bottom with our sonar, and we ... Rent Fish Houses on Red Lake Up North Fish House Rentals on Upper Red Lake... Red Lake is one of Minnesota’s best lakes for walleye, world class northern pike, and nice slab size crappies. At Up North Fish House Rentals, all our houses are warm and clean with a plowed road right to your house. All houses are equipped with a cook top stove, direct vent heaters, and rattle wheels. Outhouses are also provided on the ice near your fish house. We have 2, 4, and 6-person houses and can accommodate any size group. When you rent from Up North Fish House Rentals we want to make your ... Hunting Perch With Waterfowl Calls Precise GPS Mapping and Three Call System Yields More Mid-Winter To Ice-Out Jumbos By Jim Edlund From mid-winter through ice-out, Devils Lake guide Jason Feldner “hunts” perch with a system he says can’t be beat. Relying on highly detailed GPS mapping and electronics, signs from Mother Nature and a ‘three call’ system, Feldner quickly locates and ices big perch, day-in-day-out. “When it comes to finding fish, you’ve gotta key in on slight 1-foot depth contours—especially for perch. In mid- and late-winter, a good place to start is that 8- to 15-foot range,” says Feldner. [caption id="attachment_460" align="alignleft" width="200"] Using electronics and a series of ... Perhaps best time of season by Doug Leier As February begins you’ve noticed the days, both in front and in back, are adding sunlight and the balance of winter begins to shift toward spring. But even though the spring snow goose season is on the way, there’s still likely a good month or more left for icefishing – and perhaps some of the best icefishing of the season at that. One of the big considerations this time of year is when to pull a permanent fish house off the lake. Legally, of course, fish houses must be removed from all waters by midnight, March 15. It’s a good ... Latest Ice Fishing Articles Mid-Season Ice Fishing Tips by Bob Jensen The middle part of the ice-fishing season will soon be here.  There are things we do in the middle of the season that we don’t do earlier in the year.  For more fishing success in the next few weeks, keep these ideas in mind. I was fishing for perch through the...  Rent Fish Houses on Red Lake Up North Fish House Rentals on Upper Red Lake… Red Lake is one of Minnesota’s best lakes for walleye, world class northern pike, and nice slab size crappies. At Up North Fish House Rentals, all our houses are warm and clean with a plowed road right to your house. All houses...  Hunting Perch With Waterfowl Calls Precise GPS Mapping and Three Call System Yields More Mid-Winter To Ice-Out Jumbos By Jim Edlund From mid-winter through ice-out, Devils Lake guide Jason Feldner “hunts” perch with a system he says can’t be beat. Relying on highly detailed GPS mapping and electronics, signs...  Perhaps best time of season by Doug Leier As February begins you’ve noticed the days, both in front and in back, are adding sunlight and the balance of winter begins to shift toward spring. But even though the spring snow goose season is on the way, there’s still likely a good month or more left for icefishing...  Birth Of A New Ice ‘Elite’ New Lowrance Units Offer Accurate GPS Chart-plotting and Fishfinding In the Same Unit By Scott Glorvigen When the first handheld GPS units hit the scene, we were floored by the idea of being able to mark and revisit productive fishing spots. It introduced repeatability to the equation....  Don’t Wish These Days Away By Nick Simonson “Man, I wish it was summer,” my brother said to me as we tried to trigger a bite from the lethargic mid-winter bluegills lurking beneath our ice holes. “Nah, you can’t wish these days away,” I responded, “I know it’s tough not to do it with the wind...  Featured Ice Fishing Video Ice Fishing Chat News & Updates Sign up to receive breaking news as well as receive other site updates! Latest From the Ice Fishing Forum Spirit lake ice house rentals a403 wp317l a403 wp316l a403 wp316 a403 wp304l a403 wp304 converse all star unisex promotions online Hombres Adidas Zapatillas España En Venta Lots of ice here adidas originals tubular bruin Recent Ice Fishing Articles Advertising Fishing - Bismarck Fishing Guide Terms of Use  
