Evoque Owners Club - Range Rover Evoque Forum HOME Range Rover Evoque Forum About Us Evoque Gallery Evoque Model Range Range Rover Evoque News Welcome to Evoque Owners Club Welcome to the Range Rover Evoque Owners Club and Evoque Forum! As featured in Land Rover Owner International Magazine! It's the smallest, lightest and most fuel-efficient Range Rover ever, with an irresistible presence available in two distinct body styles. A Coupe - the compact premium crossover. And 5 door, with its sleek, striking design and practical profile, adaptable to suit a wide variety of lifestyles. To help you decide which Range Rover Evoque is for you, we've got Photo Galleries, Equipment Lists, Coupe and 5 Door information and we'll be publishing reviews and news throughout the coming months. The Range Rove Evoque Owners Club Forums are FREE to join - simply visit the Evoque Forum and click register to signup. The forums are ready for you to chat about pre-orders, delivery dates and model or equipment choices with other buyers. If you already have your Evoque then the Evoque forum include owners galleries, modifications, running and maintenance and classified sections. We offer dealers the ability to advertise on The Evoque Owners Club website, simply click here for more information. Range Rover Evoque News Low rate finance on the Evoque Currently with waiting lists and the popularity of the Evoque as they stand, Land Rover dealers are offering no discounts or deals – even on finance packages with current rates being offered at 10 – 12% APR minimum for the highest rated customers. However we have found a solution and have partnered with Charles and […] Posted in Range Rover Evoque News The Victoria Beckham special edition Evoque Land Rover have released a teaser video for a new special edition of the Range Rover Evoque, to be unveiled by Victoria Beckham at the upcoming Beijing Auto Show, this Sunday 22nd April. Victoria Beckham was the supposedly the design consultant for the Evoque when it was first announced although we heard very little about it after the […] Posted in Range Rover Evoque News Evoque Named Women’s World Car of the Year 2012 The Range Rover Evoque has been named the 2012 Women’s World Car of the Year (WWCOTY) for luxury vehicles.  The Women’s World Car of the Year award brings together female journalists from 12 different countries, and this year they chose the Range Rover Evoque as their overall winner.  The Women’s World Car of the Year […] Posted in Range Rover Evoque News Land Rover Adding 1,000 Jobs To Meet Demand For Evoque Jaguar Land Rover has announced it is creating 1,000 new jobs at its Halewood factory on Merseyside. The carmaker said it needed more workers in order to meet strong demand for its Range Rover Evoque and its Freelander 2. “We are moving Halewood to three shifts and 24-hour operation to meet increased global demand,” said JLR’s human […] Posted in Range Rover Evoque News RANGE ROVER EVOQUE CONVERTIBLE CONCEPT TO BE REVEALED AT THE 2012 GENEVA MOTOR SHOW Land Rover will unveil a Range Rover Evoque Convertible Concept at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show. The Evoque Convertible Concept vehicle will explore the potential for the world’s first premium convertible SUV. This bold concept builds on the global success of the Evoque and continues Land Rover’s tradition for creating and leading new market segments. […] Posted in Range Rover Evoque News Login / Register Evoque Forum Main Message Centre : Rusting callipers - 1 year old! Owners Useful Tips & Information : Vehicle Repairs Main Message Centre : JLR recognizes oil problem with all Evoques Main Message Centre : JLR recognizes oil problem with all Evoques Main Message Centre : Enough is enough the Evoque is going! Evoque Order Forum Order Forum : Locked Down Order Forum : The final countdown Order Forum : The final countdown Order Forum : The final countdown Order Forum : Corris Grey Newbies Forum Updating.... Evoque Technical Forum Technical : Banging While Engine Off Technical : Banging While Engine Off Technical : Banging While Engine Off Technical : Banging While Engine Off Technical : Steering Wheel Leather Issue Subscribe Facebook © Evoque Owners Club Share | Contact Us | RSS |Renault Twingo Forums | Range Rover Velar Forum Privacy Statement © Evoque Owners Club 2011 - 2017. Range Rover Evoque Forum x Cookie and Data Use Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on this website and so that ads you see online can be tailored to your online browsing interests. We use data about you for a number of purposes explained in the links below. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of data and cookies. |
