Modded Mustangs - Ford Mustang Enthusiasts The home of serious Ford Mustang enthusiasts just like yourself! Our forums are OPEN and growing fast! Bossin’ The Boss 302 was an icon to the mustang’s long road and is one of the big hits at local car shows. The classic long body of the 69 and 70 mustang featured the iconic Boss 302 hood and side stripe as well as a shaker hood scoop on some models making it stand out from the crowd. Powered by a 302 and either a close or wide ratio 4 speed, these cars are a fan favorite and ideal car for any mustang enthusiast or collector. 8t6gt of Michigan was able to take this years spring ROTM win with his restored 1970 Boss 302. With a back story that is likely to stay in the family for generations to come, this Boss 302 will have a long and bright future ahead. Bought by 8t6’s father in the late 70’s for just a few hundred bucks, this boss was a tired, rusted out pony and sat in a barn for around 30 years. Restoration did not start until 8t6’s teenage years and would be a continuing father son build until completion. Read the Rest.     MM Product Review: Raxiom Icon Tailights for 99-04 Moddedmustangs.com is at the forefront when it comes to testing the newest performance and styling products the aftermarket has to offer. Most of us know that Raxiom has recently released their new 2013-2014 style tail lights for the New Edge mustangs. I was able to get a hold of a promotional set before they official released, but due to major unrelated events, I haven’t had the opportunity to write a review until now. Read the Rest.     Mach-nificent When Ford introduced the Mustang for the first time in April 1964, it was an instant hit. Selling 121,000 units in its first year, the Mustang was one of the first “pony cars;” a smaller, lighter alternative to big block muscle cars. However, by 1968, Ford found itself in the middle of a performance war against rival manufacturers. Needing a more powerful engine to keep pace on the track and in showrooms, Ford created the 428 Cobra Jet engine. However, the automaker worried that simply throwing the new power plant into a GT wasn’t enough to differentiate it as a standalone performance model. Ford needed an equally impressive moniker to accompany the 428. Not just a simple re-badging, the Mach 1 name came to denote high performance variants of the Mustang until 1978. Read the Rest.     ROTY 2014: Aceswild02 Ride of the year is the pinnacle award here at Modded Mustangs. The victor is selected by the members so the award is chosen by the people for the people. There is only one person a year who gets to enjoy this prestigious title and the running is always pretty tight. There are many Mustang worthy but popular vote as well as performance, handling, and looks all play a vital role in determining the annual recipient. Read the Rest.     ROTM Flashback: Serlin While most Mustang owners are interested in quarter mile E.T.’s and breakneck launches. There is another group of guys who garner their thrills from the G forces of a hairpin turn or the rush of a perfectly executed S-curve. One such racer is Serlin. His passion for auto crossing has fueled the vision for his 2000 Mustang GT. Read the Rest.     « Previous Entries Mustang Forums Modular Mustangs 5.0 Mustangs V6 Mustangs 2.3L Mustangs Classic Mustangs General Tech Mustang Racing Mustang Videos Classified Ads Part Reviews Vendor Forum Featured Product Auto Insurance Network Links Motorcycle Reviews Motorcycle Classifieds ATV Reviews Jetski Reviews Snowmobile Reviews Mustang Body Kits at Andy's Buyers Guide Auto Insurance Car Loans Car Warranty Automotive Tires GPS Navigation Auto Parts Wheels Car Care Navigation Forums Home permalink AutoGuide.com Links 2009 Ford Cars Auto News Car Reviews Ford Car Reviews New Cars Used Cars Pages About Us Wallpaper Contact Us Sitemap Links Categories News Models Parts Racing Reviews Editorials Featured Rides Tech Articles Chassis Drivetrain Electronics Engine Poweradders Visual How-To's Miscellaneous Resources Videos Uncategorized Tuners Meta Privacy Policy Log in ©2005-2007 Modded Mustangs, All Rights Reserved. Not Affiliated With Ford Motor Company. Terms of Use  
