Skoda Yeti Owners Club - Skoda Yeti Forums, Owners, Reviews, Yeti News Skoda Yeti Owners Club Skoda Yeti Forum REGISTER Skoda Yeti News Skoda Yeti Gallery Welcome to the Skoda Yeti Owners Club and Skoda Yeti Forums. We're the UK's car club for all things Yeti! Welcome to Skoda Yeti Owners Club The search is over, but the adventure is only just beginning. Welcome to the Skoda Yeti Owners Club and Yeti Forums! Our forums are free to join and should hopefully grow into the resource for all Skoda Yeti Owners Skoda Yeti Forums Our forums are free to join and use with discounts, tips and advice. Join Now Yeti – the fifth member of the Skoda family – is finally coming in from the cold. Combining all the rugged strengths of a traditional 4x4 with the practicality and running costs of a hatchback, Yeti is a true crossover vehicle. Its mix of two and four-wheel drive, diesel and petrol engines, flexible seating arrangements, high driving position and bold styling mean that, unlike its legendary namesake, Yeti is as at home conquering the urban jungle as it is in the wilderness. Yeti’s arrival has been timed to perfection. With motorists more conscious than ever of their impact on the environment and the cost of running a car, Yeti is the perfect option for buyers who want to minimise outgoings without compromising on style, safety and driveability. In other words, Yeti is the right car at the right time for thousands of motorists. New to the Forum Technical Forums Yeti Chat Members Galleries Skoda Yeti News ALL NEW SKODA YETI REVEALED From one Yeti comes two – For the first time ever, the Czech compact-SUV will be available in two variants: as the elegant and stylish ŠKODA Yeti for the town, and an adventurous off-road ŠKODA Yeti. Both design variations of the ŠKODA Yeti feature a new front and rear, new alloy wheels, fresh interiors, new […] Posted in Skoda Yeti News Skoda tops owners survey Skoda owners are the happiest with their car, according to a new survey conducted by Which? Car. The Skoda Yeti, Superb Estate and both the previous- and current-generations of the Superb Hatch have made the top 10 of the survey which asked more than 50,000 owners to rate how satisfied they are with their car, […] Posted in Skoda Yeti News Yeti park Assist Park assist is an option aimed at making urban life a little easier.  It is the ideal system for when the driver needs to park quickly and accurately.  Based on the award-winning system offered as an option on the Superb, Yeti’s park assist feature goes one better by including a control unit that looks after […] Posted in Skoda Yeti Model Yeti Off-Roading Off Road button (standard on Elegance 4×4) To make the most of Yeti’s four-wheel drive system, Škoda has added an off-road mode – accessed via an off-road button on the dashboard. Hit the button when you venture off the beaten track and the ABS, TCS and EDL systems switch to a special off-road setting. Once […] Posted in Skoda Yeti Model Yeti Safety & Technology Active safety A range of features and measures on Yeti to prevent and avoid accidents include: ESP ESP features a long list of electronic systems designed to stabilise the vehicle in critical handling situations, including ABS, EBD, EBC, ASR, EDL, HBA, DSR, ESBS (standard on all 4×4 models, optional on all other models). Effective lighting […] Posted in Skoda Yeti Model Skoda Yeti Forum Posts Idle Chit Chat : A very English experience Author: JimmySubject: A very English experiencePosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 5:59pmToday is the last day of the Whitby Regatta and the Folk Festival. All weekend from around 11am I've been able to hear the sound of Morris dancers and their music drifting across from Pannett Park. The simple drum beat, the sounds of the concertinas, occasional shouts a ... Posted in Yeti Forums Main Message Centre : FL Yeti Project Journal Author: 137699Subject: FL Yeti Project JournalPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 5:50pmI'll be around for a while - I still occasionally pop in on the forum for the S-max that pre-dated the yeti for us - though my input on there has receded over the years. Will of course post up photos of the new charge when I pick it up - hop ... Posted in Yeti Forums Main Message Centre : FL Yeti Project Journal Author: gman88667733Subject: FL Yeti Project JournalPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 5:45pmI'd love to see photos of it in the non-Yeti section! ... Posted in Yeti Forums Main Message Centre : FL Yeti Project Journal Author: JimmySubject: FL Yeti Project JournalPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 5:38pmThank you David for a fascinating record of your Yeti modifications. Someone is going to buy a bargain car! I do hope you call in occasionally and report on your new car. In the meantime goodbye and farewell for now. Best wishes Jimmy ... Posted in Yeti Forums Main Message Centre : FL Yeti Project Journal Author: 137699Subject: FL Yeti Project JournalPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 3:12pmAnother update - well, in this case, the final update.A couple of months ago I did the final mod to the car - which was to fit dampened grab handles. The ones I fitted were from a Mk6 Golf but in hindsight it would have been easier to retro-fit the dampers t ... Posted in Yeti Forums Skoda Yeti Owners Club Copyright © Skoda Yeti Owners Club 2017. Also see: Skoda Karoq Forum Contact Us Email: info@yetiownersclub.co.uk or complete our contact form. Follow Us x Cookie and Data Use Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on this website and so that ads you see online can be tailored to your online browsing interests. We use data about you for a number of purposes explained in the links below. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of data and cookies. |
