Living and Working in Australia Forum With Immigration and Travel Information | AustraliaForum.com Home Australia Forums Forum Home Immigration Forum Member Introductions Housing Jobs and work General News Business and investment Education Travel questions Cost of Living Travel Pictures International Travel Current Events Feedback Australia News News Immigration News Travel News Education News General News Jobs News Money and Business NZ News Property News TimeLines Timelines Home All Family & Spouse Timelines All Skilled & Work Timelines Update Your Family & Spouse Timeline Update Your Skilled & Work Timeline Members Timeline Updates Forum Rules About Us Authors Register Information Terms Of Service Community Rules Privacy Policy Contact Us Welcome to AustraliaForum.com by mfafadmin on October 31, 2008 in General Information Thank you for visiting the new look Australia Forum. You can now access the forums section from here or by clicking any of the links on the right. Our aim is to become one of the best web resources for emigrating and moving to Australia. We provide members with content and a community to help through the long Australian immigration process and settle into your new life overseas. The site is organised into 2 main parts – the forums and the articles. You can access either section using the navigation menu at the top or the right of the site. Enjoy the Australia Forum and we are really thankful to have you here as part of our community. { Comments on this entry are closed } Citizenship becomes even more political as Australian council is stripped of powers August 18, 2017 Australia Australian citizenship is at the top of the political agenda at the moment with a rowdy consultation currently going on over proposed changes to make the application process tougher. But it is now affected people at a local level with the national Government stripping the city council of Yarra from its ability to hold citizenship […] Read the full article → Top businessman calls for immigration in Australia to be slashed August 17, 2017 Australia Immigration A former Australian of the Year is calling for immigration to be cut from 200,000 to 70,000 a year which he claims is needed to stabilise the economy. According to businessman and philanthropist Dick Smith, the nation needs an immigration plan that more than halves the number of people arriving every year from overseas. He […] Read the full article → Young people, including many born overseas, have important role in Australian society August 16, 2017 Australia Young people are playing an important and growing role in society in Australia with official figures suggesting they are willing to help others, particularly the disabled and elderly. Figures from the 2016 Census show there were 2,988,390 Australian residents aged 15 to 24, representing 12.8% of the population and they are more engaged than ever […] Read the full article → Planned changes to Australian citizenship heavily criticised by migration agents August 15, 2017 Australia Immigration There is a danger that the proposed changes to the criteria for meeting the Australian citizenship test may be unattainable for many current permanent residents, according to a submission from migration agents. The Migration Institute of Australia, which represents migration agents, has submitted a scathing response to the Australian Government’s consultation over planned changes which […] Read the full article → Skilled foreign workers don’t take jobs from Australians, it is claimed August 14, 2017 Jobs in Australia As Australia gears up for more major changes in visas and citizenship application standards, it is suggested that it is wrong to suggest that migrants take jobs from young people. For several years various employment groups, industry associations and the Government has claimed that too many skilled workers from overseas mean fewer jobs for Australians. […] Read the full article → Native English speaking Irish woman fails Australia voice test August 11, 2017 Australia Immigration A potential flaw in the English test taken by those seeking permanent residency and citizenship in Australia has come to the forefront after a highly intelligent native English speaker failed. Irish vet Louse Kennedy from County Wicklow, who has been working in Australia for two years and wants to become a permanent resident, revealed that […] Read the full article → Abolition of 457 visa will reduce number of overseas skilled workers significantly August 10, 2017 Australia Immigration Proposals from the Australian Government to abolish the popular 457 visa could result in tens of thousands fewer people moving to the country every year, it is claimed. The visa stream, which allows skilled people to work in Australia for up to four years and qualify for permanent residence, will cease to exist in March […] Read the full article → Foreign buyers snapping up property in Australia and pushing up prices August 9, 2017 Property in Australia Despite attempts to deter wealthy investors from buying homes in Australia, the number doing so is not falling with Sydney and Melbourne increasing popular with buyers from overseas. The appreciating dollar and new taxes have not deterred overseas investors buying up luxury homes in these cities, which are placed sixth and 10th in the latest […] Read the full article → Fair work agency seeing rise in cover ups of underpayments to overseas workers August 8, 2017 Australia Immigration Concerns are rising in Australia that more cases of employers deliberately not keeping correct records when it comes to paying workers from overseas such as backpackers and immigrants are being uncovered. It means they are paying workers like students, working holidaymakers and even refugees less than the minimum wage, according to the Fair Work Ombudsman. […] Read the full article → Science research roles go back on Australia visa list August 8, 2017 Jobs in Australia Top scientists being recruited for key medical research roles in Australia have been put back on the country’s skilled migrant occupation list after an outcry that they had been removed. In a surprise move earlier this year the Government removed life scientists, biochemists and microbiologists from the official list of those who can be granted […] Read the full article → Government advisory body criticises planned changes to Australian citizenship August 5, 2017 Australia Immigration Plans to make the English language test for Australian citizenship tougher has been criticised by the Government’s own body that advises on multiculturalism. The Australian Multicultural Council, appointed by Ministers, also says that the proposal to introduce a multiple choice test to determine a person’s commitment to Australian values would be ineffective. The AMC warns […] Read the full article → ← Previous Entries Find Information You Need Home Australia News Australia Australia Immigration Australia Travel Education in Australia General Information Jobs in Australia Money, Business and Finance New Zealand Property in Australia Australia Forums Forum Home Immigration Forum Housing Forum Jobs Forum Business Forum Education Forum Travel Forum Current Events Australia Timelines Timelines Home All Family & Spouse Applications All Skilled & Work Applications Your Family & Spouse Timeline Your Skilled & Work Timeline Form 80 Guides Moving Company Quotes Partners Our Authors About Us Contact Us Advertisement More Recent Posts Welcome to AustraliaForum.com Australian visa system to see drastic changes as consultation is announced Tighter security at all Australian airports likely to be a long term move Latest data shows Melbourne and Sydney have seen greatest population rises Overseas students and graduates make a considerable contribution in Australia Australian Government announces facial recognition programme for airports Numbers of working holiday maker visas for Australia increased Agricultural student training scheme in Australia hit by visa changes Western Australia reduces state occupation migration list to just 18 Number of visa holders over staying in Australia remains stable Concerns voiced about impact of new super ministry in Australia on visas Australia Forum Comments Latest Forum Discussions Question on waiting time for interview for PMV Blessed day! Hi! I'm not sure if I'm posting in the right thread but my fiance and I applied for the PMV as well. Here is our timeline: ... Please help me. FORM 118 citizen by descent, advice and help please. Hello, My father is a dual Australian UK citizen(he was born there and moved here as a kid) and I am wanting to apply for my citizenship - by... Question on period of stay - Tourist visa 600 Hi, My grandmother's case is like this: Visa Grant Date: 21 August 2017 Stay for/until: 3 months Entries: multiples Last date to arrive: 21... Waiting for visa for 11 months Hi all I am an iraqi refugee in Jordan. I had applied for 202 humanitarian visa since january/2016. I have been through all the processes including...
