Element Owners Club | Honda Element Owners Club - Home Element Owners Club Home articles news events product reviews tutorials forum dealers shop site info terms of use site staff privacy statement club network Element Owners Club Club Network Overview Ridgeline Owners Club CR-V Owners Club odyssey owners club Honda FCX Club media Contact us links Element Owners Club Welcome to the online community for Honda Element owners, enthusiasts and potential buyers. We are huge fans of the Element and are glad you found this site. Regardless of whether you are looking for advice, help on purchasing new or used, accessories information or just plain fun - you are in the right place! EOC = Honda Element! We encourage you to join us on our Honda Element forum where we have more than 28,000 registered members and five years worth of information, tutorials, how-to's discussions, images and more! And, now we are talking about the updated 2011 Honda Element as well. Honda Element In The News 2010 Honda Accord Crosstour Officially Revealed Tuesday, September 1, 2009 Honda has officially revealed the 2010 Accord Crosstour Crossover Utility Vehicle (CUV), which will go on sale this Fall, competing head-to-head with vehicles like the Toyota Venza. "Our concept is to broaden the Read more...  digg it |  furl |  post to del.ico.us test Monday, September 29, 2008 test Read more...  digg it |  furl |  post to del.ico.us J.D. Power Names Honda Element Most Reliable Compact Multi-Activity Vehicle Thursday, August 7, 2008 In J.D. Power's 2008 Vehicle Dependability Study, the Honda Element was named the most reliable Compact Multi-Activity Vehicle. The Element tied for first with the Toyota RAV4. The study is based on responses from more than 52,000 original owners of 2005 model year vehicles. The study was fielded from January through April 2008. Read more...  digg it |  furl |  post to del.ico.us SoCal Chapter Meets at 2008 Honda US Open of Surfing Monday, July 28, 2008 On Saturday, June 26, 2008, Southern California Element Owners Club members were treated to a wonderful, sunny day at the US Open of Surfing in Hungtington Beach, California. Most would say that a sunny day on the beach would make for a good Saturday. Honda made sure that the EOC SoCal chapter got more than just a day at the beach. Read more...  digg it |  furl |  post to del.ico.us 2008 International EOC/ROC Combo Meet Held In Columbus, Ohio Tuesday, June 24, 2008 The 2008 International Combo Meet of the Element Owners Club and Ridgeline Owners Club was held in Columbus, Ohio from June 19-22. The combo meet was the first of its kind, as both clubs had held their own national meets in previous years. Eighty-four Element Owners Club (EOC) members and 25 Ridgeline Owners Club (ROC) members and their guests made the drive to Columbus for the festivities. In total, the members and guests (about 175 people) represented 30 states, the District of Columbia and Canada. One member drove nearly 2,000 miles to be in attendance at the meet! Read more...  digg it |  furl |  post to del.ico.us club / auto industry events recent forum posts How many members from OK? JL Audio stealthbox We're naming this one "Lucky" Blower fan Added rugged cupholder to center cover below dash New to EOC from SF/Oakland Bay Area FS: Used billet grill, $25 Tweeters for pillars recent honda press   Honda Civic Honda Civic Honda Ridgeline Home articles forum dealers shop site info club network media Contact us links © 2008 Autoforums, Inc.. All rights reserved. terms of use | privacy policy Terms of Use  
