A1 Walleye Fishing Website  Home   |  Message Board   |  Information   |  Classifieds   |  Features   |  Video  |  Boat Reviews  |  Boat DIY Walleye Central Muskie Central Ranger Boats Cabelas General Discussion Boats Electronics Motors and Props Vendor Classifieds Boat Insurance Boat Financing Muskie Board Strictly Fishing Ice Fishing Swap Board Share A Seat Canada Eh? Trailers Fishing Reports Tournament Board Lobby Big Game Hunting Discussion Small Game and Birds Hunting Dogs Archery, Blackpowder, Rifles, Etc. Chatsite Chat Schedule Home Grown Tackle Pro Pages Articles and Tips Tournament News Events Calendar FAQ's Search all Ads Submit an Ad Edit Existing Ad Guides & Lodging Vendor Classifieds Business Directory Pro Pages Share A Seat Ten Pound Club Member Photos Video Home Upload Video My Videos       Control Center Homepage Customize Remember Me Not a member? Register here Who's Online Privacy Policy Insurance Please either login or create an account to use - it's free! Hot Bites WC on Face Book Business Directory Classifieds News Updates Get Togethers Interactive Message Board Swap Board Chatsite Chat Schedule Chat Transcripts Ten Pound Club Kids Korner Share A Seat Member Photo Albums Information Articles and Tips Tournaments Events Calendar DNR Listings Business Directory Walleye Clubs Walleye Links Sport Shows Walleye Records Cook Your Catch Humor Please either login or create an account to use - it's free! Google Search Solunar Tables Please enter your zip code to view solunar table Zip Code: Search by City/State You can also get a Solunar table for any location in the world without a zip code if you know some information about the locale. Edit your preferences for this block to set up a custom location. Start Date: (mm/dd/yyyy) End Date: (mm/dd/yyyy)   Articles Fall Big Walleye Programs This fall season, catch some of the biggest walleye of the year by matching up your fishing strategies to the general cooling or warming trends happening on the water. Don’t watch the calendar, watch the temperature gauge. by Jason Mitchell Find The Food, Find The Fish Remember that during the summer and fall months if you want to catch fish, you’ve got to be fishing where their food is. If you remember that, your chances for success will go way up. by Bob Jensen Troll Faster In The Summer If you go fishing in the next few weeks, try trolling faster than usual. You could find that trolling faster when the water is warm is a good way to put fish in the boat. by Bob Jensen Guide Perspectives on Natural Lake Walleyes Many anglers try to fish right below the boat with jigs but what I find in less than twelve feet of water is that even though there is wind, the fish are still often spooking from the boat by Jason Mitchell Shallow Crank Bites for Walleye As more anglers are discovering, casting crankbaits is not something that just works in the Dakotas as there are situations and locations across the Midwest where this fun presentation excels at catching fish. by Jason Mitchell Garmin Panoptix – Great Tech for Walleye Garmin has made giant moves in the market with innovative technology like Panoptix. Should walleye anglers consider running Garmin? by Steve Pennaz Summertime Reservoir Tactics It may take a leap of faith for a lot of anglers, but I would encourage you to put away your bouncer rods and fire up the big motor and spend a little time cruising just outside the first break of your favorite live bait fishing spots, scanning with your electronics. by Dennis Foster Ten Pound Club 12 lbs DOUG POTTER Lake Erie, NY 05/4/2017 12.6 Lbs. mike foss Lake Erie, OH 04/29/2017 10 Lbs. 2 oz. Ron Mikulicz Lake of the Woods, MN 09/1/2012 Ten Pound Club Main Page WC Video Main Page Panther T-5 33862 Views Arrowhead Beer 40237 Views Skarlis Secret 52819 Views WC Video Main Page Fishing News Feeds Walleye - Edit your News Feeds preferences to customize this page [CaRP] XML error: Not well-formed (invalid token) at line 1 Sponsored Links Mercury Marine Power up with the Pros! MercuryMarine.comRanger Boats The standard that others are judged by RangerBoats.comGarmin New ECHO series for serious fishermen! Garmin.comLindy Fishing Tackle Legendary Walleye fishing tackle & accessoires lindyfishingtackle.comGrampa Joes Marine Friends don't let friends buy a boat from a guy in a tie GrampaJoesMarine.comiTroll Speed Controller Controls kicker throttles. Innovative industry first features. Weatherproof design. Revolutionary HUNT mode catches fish! www.iTroll.usWorldwide Marine Insurance Marine specific - Best policy, best price....no kidding! worldwidemarineins.comRec Lending Premier Marine and RV Lending Services reclending.comCabelas Walleye Zone There's a Million Dollar fish out there! cabelas.comPamps Outboard Wisconsins ONLY 5 star Ranger Dealer! pamps-outboard.com Events Polls Previous Polls Weather click [EDIT] to setup your weather locations. Site Updates 08/07 Articles Fall Big Walleye Programs08/07 Articles Find The Food, Find The Fish07/25 Articles Guide Perspectives on Natural Lake Walleyes07/25 Articles Troll Faster In The Summer07/25 Articles Try A River For Hot FishingComplete Log More Blocks A lot more information can be added to this page. Just click on "Customize" to see all the blocks that are available. © 1995 - 2014 Walleye Central Privacy Policy Boat for Sale   Terms of Use  
