Chevrolet Owners Club - Chevrolet Forum, Chevrolet Reviews, Chevrolet News, Discounts Chevrolet Owners Club Chevrolet FORUM REGISTER Contact Gallery News Welcome to the Chevrolet Owners Club and Chevrolet Forums. We're the UK's car club for all things Chevvy! Welcome to Chevrolet Owners Club Welcome to the Chevrolet Owners Club. We're the UK's car club for all Chevrolet Owners. Pop by our Chevrolet Forums for advice on problems, modifying or just for a general chat. TO JOIN: Its free and really easy to join - just click on our Chevvy forum and click the register link - you can then view and post messages online. If you want to know about Chevrolet - its all here! Chevrolet Forums Our forums are free to join and use with discounts, tips and advice. Join Now We bring you a daily update of the latest Chevrolet news, spy shots and rumors as well as a comprehensive listing of all the Chevrolet models currently on sale. Daewoo car owners are more than welcome to join. Newbie Forums Chevrolet Models Chevrolet Chat Members Galleries Chevrolet News Chevrolet Pulling Out of the UK – Response from Chevrolet As you might have heard, Chevrolet has decided to end its new car business in Europe. This means that the sale of new Chevrolet vehicles in Western and Eastern Europe will end by the end of 2015. As a Chevrolet customer you can rest assured that Chevrolet is committed to serve you and your vehicle […] Posted in Blog Cruze Station Wagon Prices Confirmed The Chevrolet Cruze Station Wagon is’nt due on UK shores until Autumn, but spec and prices have now been confirmed by Chevrolet. The range kicks off at £15,375 In entry level LS spec you will get a 123bhp 1.6 litre petrol engine, and standard kit includes, follow-me-home headlamps, electrically heated and adjustable door mirrors, front electric […] Posted in Chevrolet Cruze Sixth win for Muller in Portugal Chevrolet driver Yvan Muller claimed his sixth victory of the season in Portimão Portugal. The Chevrolet driver pulled off a wonderful overtake on Seat driver Gabriele Tarquini at the first corner and maintain a gap to enable to save tyres and take his sixth win of the season, with championship rival and team mate Rob […] Posted in Blog Volt lights up London The Chevrolet Volt has already been the most illuminating electric car to be introduced as of today, but now renowned car artist Ian Cook has taken this one step further by creating a glow in the dark art work of the volt Some of you may have seen him at work on BBC’s ONE SHOW, […] Posted in Blog New Chevrolet Trax set to rival Nissan Juke Chevrolet have confirmed they will add a small compact off-roader to it’s line up, to rival the popular Nissan Juke. The new car will make its debut at the 2012 Paris Motor Show in September and goes on sale in 2013. Details of this car were brought to you in our previous blog (link below), […] Posted in Blog Chevrolet Forum Posts Lacetti : Lacetti does nearly 40mpg! Author: Kev82chevSubject: Lacetti does nearly 40mpg!Posted: 21 Aug 2017 at 8:07pmHmmm! I guess there's not many people on here have Lacetti's or is the fuel consumption that bad to comment on it? ... Posted in Chevrolet Forums Orlando : intercooler hose Author: Aussie EdSubject: intercooler hosePosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 7:15pmTry a temporary repair using self amalgamating tape (clean surfaces thoroughly)Always give vehicle details ie year/variant/engine (Z20D1?) 128 or 161 hp / manual/automatic ?  ... Posted in Chevrolet Forums Orlando : Intercooler pipes Author: Aussie EdSubject: Intercooler pipesPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 7:06pmIs your 'local garage' a Chevrolet service dealer?  It staggers me that the people we entrust our vehicles to dont know the sister models that might be suitable and instead the customer has to do the research!The Orlando was based upon the Cruze platform so th ... Posted in Chevrolet Forums Orlando : Intercooler pipes Author: LottieSubject: Intercooler pipesPosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 4:28pmI need the intercooler pipes changed. My local garage can't source the part for two weeks. Is there an alternative part (from another car) he can use instead?Thanks Edited by Lottie - 4 hours 13 minutes ... Posted in Chevrolet Forums Matiz : Fuel issue Author: 08matizSubject: Fuel issuePosted: 21 Aug 2017 at 1:41pmIt is also worth having a look at the "cranks but no start" section of the service manual. HERE IS A LINK TO THE CORRECT SECTION FOR YOU ... Posted in Chevrolet Forums Chevrolet Owners Club Copyright © Chevrolet Owners Club 2017. Other Car Clubs: Cactus Forums | Vauxhall Zafira | Vauxhall Mokka | Jaguar XE Forums | Homepage image © GM Company. Used under Creative Commons Licence 3.0 Contact Us Email: info@chevroletownersclub.co.uk or complete our contact form. Follow Us x Cookie and Data Use Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on this website and so that ads you see online can be tailored to your online browsing interests. We use data about you for a number of purposes explained in the links below. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of data and cookies. |
