Kia Owners Club - Kia Forums, Kia Reviews, Kia News, Discounts Kia Owners Club Kia Forum Kia News Kia Gallery Kia Discounts Kia model range About Us Welcome to Kia Owners Club Welcome to the KIA Owners Club. We're the UK's car club for all Kia Owners. Pop by our forums for advice on problems, modifying or just for a general chat. We bring you a daily update of the latest Kia news, spy shots and rumors as well as a comprehensive listing of all the Kia models currently on sale. TO JOIN: Its free and really easy to join - just click on our forum and click the register link - you can then view and post messages online. If you want to know about Kia - its all here! Our Kia Forums Kia Picanto Forum Kia Rio Forum Kia Cee'd Forum Kia Pro Cee'd Forum Kia Soul Forum Kia Magentis Forum Kia Carens Forum Kia Sedona Forum Kia Sportage Forum Kia Sorento Forum Kia Venga Forum Kia News New Kia Offers Kia Motors UK Limited has announced a comprehensive series of offers that will run at all Kia dealerships from now until the end of September. The launch of the new cee’d on 1st June means that there are fantastic offers to be had on the previous generation model, with savings of up to £3,500 available. The […] Posted in Kia News Kia named best car manufacturer by Which? Which? has named Kia as its Best car Manufacturer for 2012 in its annual awards, praising the company’s “superb new range of cars” as well as the brand’s excellent value for money and “industry-leading” seven year warranty. Presenting the award, Which? Chief Executive, Peter Vicary-Smith said: “This is the first time Kia has made the […] Posted in Kia News Finding a new car Finding a new car can be a long and arduous process, especially if you are looking at used cars for the first time. We’ve all heard the horror stories about buying used cars including the safety and financial aspects of second hand cars. Luckily many websites dedicated to selling used cars are staring to run […] Posted in Kia News Kia Picanto – Honest John’s most popular small car The Kia Picanto has been voted ‘Most Popular Small Hatchback’ at the 2012 honestjohn.co.uk awards fending off strong competition from both mainstream and premium brands. The honestjohn.co.uk awards aren’t decided upon by judges or a panel but by the consumers themselves who visit the website. Awards are determined by the number of users who search […] Posted in Kia News Kia has announced major increases in sales volumes, revenue and profit for the first quarter of 2012 Kia Motors Corporation has announced major increases in sales volumes, revenue and profit for the first quarter of 2012. With 635,000 vehicles sold across the world – an increase of 12.4 per cent over 2011 – the company recorded revenues of 11.8 trillion Korean Won (£6.5 billion), up 10.6 per cent, and net profit of […] Posted in Kia News Login / Register Kia Forum Sportage 2016+ : Gt Line DCT auto problem Rio 2011-2017 : Oil change cost? Idle Chit Chat : Has 40 years given me more mpg? Sorento 2015+ : Headlamp deflectors for Europe For Sale : Free sportage boot liner 11-16 Sportage 2016+ : Gt Line DCT auto problem Idle Chit Chat : Numbers of crossover/suv's on UK roads Sorento 2015+ : Headlamp deflectors for Europe Newbies : Newbie Cee'd 2012+ : 2 year on with DCT Sportage 2016+ : Decision made KX-5 it is Kia Customer Support : 2017 Map / Software updates Kia Customer Support : 2017 Map / Software updates Picanto 2011-17 : Clutch judder 1.25 isg Kia Customer Support : 2017 Map / Software updates Sorento 2015+ : Gross Train Weight Idle Chit Chat : Numbers of crossover/suv's on UK roads Newbies : Hello Newbies : Hi New Kia Cerato member Sportage 2016+ : Central locking issue Kia Picanto Forum Kia Rio Forum Kia Cee'd Forum Kia Pro Cee'd Forum Kia Soul Forum Kia Magentis Forum Kia Carens Forum Kia Sedona Forum Kia Sportage Forum Kia Sorento Forum Kia Venga Forum Subscribe to Kia Owners Club TAGS about carens ceed gallery Geneva Kia Kia News Kia Ray kia rio kia soul 2012 koup magentis news Offers optima picanto picanto2011 proceed rio rio 2011 sales sedona Slovakia sorento soul sportage SPORTAGE10 trackster venga Video Zilina © Kia Owners Club Share | Contact Us | RSS | Kia Picanto Forum Kia Rio Forum Kia Cee'd Forum Kia Pro Cee'd Forum Kia Soul Forum Kia Magentis Forum Kia Carens Forum Kia Sedona Forum Kia Sportage Forum Kia Sorento Forum Kia Venga Forum © Kia Owners Club 2002 - 2017. Kia Forums, Kia Reviews, Kia News, Discounts x Cookie and Data Use Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on this website and so that ads you see online can be tailored to your online browsing interests. We use data about you for a number of purposes explained in the links below. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of data and cookies. |
