16 Harsh Realities of Being the Other Woman ... … Love Tricia Mpiima 16 Harsh 😳 Realities 🗯 of Being the Other Woman 💔 ... 346COMMENT Reposts First of all, let's make it clear that affairs are a two way street. However, it's usually the mistress that catches the most flack in the situation. So, for the sake of placing the blame on her, let's look at what you'll face if you decide to be a married man's "side chick", "other woman," "fling," or whatever you want to call her. Here are the harsh realities of being the other woman. 1. You'll Always Be the Other Woman Here's one of the worst realities of being the other woman. He will NOT leave his wife for you. It should be obvious. You are dating a married man, but if you think he will be yours one day, honey child, think again... Some men do leave their wives to be with their mistresses. Why?? The fantasy. Does it ever end well? Will you have a happily ever after??? Maybe-maybe not. This isn't the land of rainbows that fart candy and flying unicorns. This is the real world where your shit stinks and everyone can smell it. Get it?? He probably won't leave his wife, but if he does, he'll likely lose interest in you pretty quickly afterward. Rate this point:The Guy Has Everything He Needs You'll Always Be the Other Woman Divorce is Too Much for Him, He Stands to Lose Everything You Don't Have Worth As the OTHER WOMAN You Will NEVER Succeed KIDS: EXPECTATION VS. REALITY watch now BEING A GIRL IN SUMMER watch now 8 Telling Signs That You're the Other Woman ... 7 Harsh Realities of Filing Bankruptcy ... 7 Harsh Realities of Life That You Have to Come to Terms with ... Being the Other Woman 7 Lies You Should Stop Telling Yourself when You Are the Other Woman ... 30 Sure Signs He is in Love with You ❤️ ... Explore more ... Love Hair Makeup Beauty Skincare Weightloss Fashion Lifestyle Health Fitness DIY Inspiration Food Diet Funny Music Cooking Nails Apps Money Travel Shoes Movies Books Streetstyle Bags Celebs Running Jewelry Perfumes Wedding Parenting Gardening Teen
