What is Nuji? in Women's Women's    Clothing    Shoes    Bags    Accessories    Jewelry    Beauty Men's    Clothing    Shoes    Bags    Accessories    Jewelry Home Notes Women's Men's Home Brands Sale About USD $ Shop all the best stores in one place Nuji brings together millions of fashion and lifestyle products and over 10,000 designers from the best online boutiques and department stores across the web. Here are just a few... Keep track of what you want Create alerts on products and searches you are interested in. Nuji will use that to make sure you’re the first to know about relevant sales and new arrivals from hundreds of stores. Be inspired by the community Follow people you think have interesting taste and find out what they're curating in your feed. You can also browse notes for inspiring stories about fashion, design and lifestyle. Express your style Use the bookmarklet to save items from all over the web or the save button for items already on Nuji. You can also create notes to mix items you like with inspiring stories. Get in touch Based in London, Nuji is aiming to change online commerce as we know it. If you have questions or want to be part of our journey, please get in touch. Retailers We work with the world's best boutiques, brands and department stores. If you want to join the likes of Farfetch, Net-A-Porter, Neiman Marcus, Mr Porter and many more, complete this form to submit your store for consideration. Feedback You are our best source of inspiration and we love your feedback. Do you have a question about using Nuji? Something not quite right? Please get in touch with our support team anytime here. Press We love what we do and can’t wait to tell you more about it. For any media inquiries, image requests or interview opportunities, please get in touch with us here. Partners We believe that content and commerce go hand in hand. Whether you are a publisher, a blogger or think we could do great things together, get in touch here. Jobs Nuji is a small dedicated and ambitious team aiming to change online commerce as we know it. If you’re passionate about what we do and want to get involved, get in touch with us here. Email Nuji support 
 Thank you. We will get back to you as soon as possible. Nuji Discover the best fashion and lifestyle goods from across the web from our UK or Global sites. © 2017 All Right Reserved. Women's Clothing Shoes Bags Accessories Jewelry Beauty See all Men's Clothing Shoes Bags Accessories Jewelry Grooming See all Brands Stella McCartney Diane von Furstenberg ASOS Alexander Wang Maison Martin Margiela Topshop See all Sitemap Categories Brands Trends About What is Nuji? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Google + Terms & Privacy Female Male By entering your email, you agree to our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Nuji. Remember me Scroll to top
