A sculptor’s labyrinthine home by Editor on Nuji in Women's Women's    Clothing    Shoes    Bags    Accessories    Jewelry    Beauty Men's    Clothing    Shoes    Bags    Accessories    Jewelry Home Notes Women's Men's Home Brands Sale About USD $ A sculptor’s labyrinthine home Catalan artist Xavier Corberó began acquiring land outside his native Barcelona in 1968. Today, the home of his dreams is still work in progress. Photos by Salva López for The Wall Street Journal. You might also like these: An insight into the life of Visvim's Hiroki Nakamura Velvet is the new black The Factory by Ricardo Bofill A field guide to getting lost in Iceland A minimalist retreat on the Greek island of Paros 8 rooftops you should be chilling on right now A tour around London SW1 by art dealer Hugo Portuondo A unique loft apartment in Tribeca, New York Jessica Barensfeld and Simon Howell's lovely apartment in Brooklyn, NYC See all Nuji Discover the best fashion and lifestyle goods from across the web from our UK or Global sites. © 2017 All Right Reserved. Women's House of Holland Tops Suno Dresses Kenneth Cole Reaction Wedges Sergio Rossi Sandals Robert Clergerie Platforms Three floor Dresses Giorgio Armani Dresses Frank & Eileen Tops Sarah Chloe Necklaces See all Men's Carhartt Boots Givenchy Ties Missoni Shirts Our Legacy Outerwear Ariat Belts Santoni Lace-ups DSquared Sweats & Hoodies Yohji Yamamoto Outerwear Burberry Wallets See all Home Modloft Living Room CB2 Indoor Rugs Lights Up! Floor Lamps Pols Potten Outdoor Lighting Graham & Brown Wallpaper Ted Baker Drinkware Kartell Living Room Wedgwood Serving Fornasetti Candles & Holders See all Sitemap Categories Brands Trends Like what you see? Subscribe to curated stories about fashion, lifestyle and design.  Female      Male By entering your email, you agree to our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Nuji. Female Male By entering your email, you agree to our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Nuji. Remember me Scroll to top
