Visymo - Universal Search Group Home  VISYMO HISTORY BRANDS TEAM Partners Jobs Contact Copyright Visymo is owner of – among others – the website Izito. Disclaimer - Copyrights of third parties on texts, images, video files and Music files VISYMO is a metadata-search engine, which mean that different search machines of VISYMO search in more search engines on the internet. The results that are displayed by VISYMO as result of a search command of a user, originate from other search engines. VISYMO shows the source of each result in its result list. It is possible that VISYMO shows in the search results direct links to files or web pages that contain material that is protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights. However this material can be found and accessed by using the Website, VISYMO does not and cannot grant its users the permission to download, copy or use this material. The user alone is responsible and liable of the use, copy and / or download of this material. VISYMO is never responsible or liable for sanctions based on law or regulations of law suits of any kind against the user as result of using search services provided by VISYMO. Trademarks / trade names in advertisement on VISYMO - Sponsored links VISYMO displays several advertisements on different pages of its website. VISYMO acknowledges the intellectual property rights of third parties. VISYMO also displays sponsored links originating from the advertising network of Google (Google AdWords / Adsense), on the pages where the search results are displayed. In case you or your company is of the opinion that a sponsored link or result may not be displayed in the sponsored links of VISYMO, VISYMO kindly requests you to inform Google about this, by using this link. Trademarks / trade names in advertisement on VISYMO - Other advertisements >When you are of the opinion that advertisements – other than sponsored links originating from the advertisement network of Google (Google AdWords / AdSense) – infringe upon intellectual property rights that belong to you or your company or to which your company can claim rights to, VISYMO kindly requests you to inform VISYMO about this via this form . VISYMO shall asses your complaint and – if necessary – adapt or remove the advertisement within 2 working days after receipt of the complaint. Trademarks / trade names in advertisement of VISYMO on the internet VISYMO advertises in the internet at several advertisement networks (o.a. Google Adwords, Yahoo! Search Marketing). VISYMO acknowledges the intellectual property rights of third parties. When you are of the opinion that advertisements of VISYMO infringe upon intellectual property rights that belong to you or your company or to which your company can claim rights to, VISYMO kindly requests you to inform VISYMO about this via this form or in writing to Vinden.nl B.V., Rijssensestraat 51, 7442 MR Nijverdal. VISYMO shall asses your complaint and – if necessary – adapt or remove the advertisement within 2 working days after receipt of the complaint. CopyrightDisclaimerPrivacy Policy
