 1refer.com | Your all-in-one Start Page JavaScript must be enabled for this page to display properly!   First time using this tool? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. First time using Firefox? Learn the basics and get introduced to the most important features at Firefox Central. Settings AutoSuggest enabled Open search results in new window Browse tabs with arrow keys SafeSearch enabled 1refer.com © 2012 - All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy | Advertise | Contact | About 1refer.com works with a third party that serves ads to this site. During the process of delivering an ad to you, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, ads may obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (OS X or Windows, for example). The information collected is used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers. 1refer.com, as well as most sites on the Internet, uses "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web. 1refer.com cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. close Do you have any questions, comments or suggestions? Please feel free to email us at jaamla@x944.com. We will do our best to answer your inquiry as soon as possible. close If you are interested in advertising on this page, please contact us at jaamla@x944.com. We currently have traffic originating from all around the world, and can target your ads to different countries or regions. We only support banner advertising at the moment, but this may change in the future. close 1refer.com is an independently operated search portal, which brings you the best of the web gathered in one place. Our goal is to make your search experience online as easy and pleasant as possible, and help the average user discover the web. Although this site has been optimized for the Firefox web browser, it is not connected with the Mozilla Foundation in any way. For help on setting this page as your default start page, click here. close With this feature enabled, you will continuously get suggestions as you type a search query. With this feature enabled, the results from all search queries will pop up in a new browser window. With this feature enabled, you can navigate between the tabs on this page by using the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard. With this feature enabled, sites containing adult content are eliminated from the search results. InstantMatch helps you navigate faster by automatically redirecting you to major web sites, omitting the search results page. For example, entering "facebook" as your search query will send you directly to the Facebook site. However, if you click the back button on your browser within a few seconds, you will be taken back to the search results instead. Holding down the CTRL key while executing a search query will temporarily disable this feature.
