Ask an Expert & Get Answers to Your Questions - ASAP media-wsj media-cnn media-fox media-nbc media-nyt media-today arrow-left arrow-right arrow-down arrow-up chat-single gavel badge-one-hundred chat-checkmark camera car chat-double check-circle computer-notebook paw star-filled star-outline stethoscope tools close more Talk to doctors, lawyers, vets & more in minutes, 24/7 Family lawyers, minus the hourly rate Your personal mechanic, always riding shotgun On-call doctors, without the waiting room Connect with a vet in minutes even in the middle of the night Your plumber when the pipes freeze Your computer guru when your hard drive fails Your very own antiques dealer, at every tag sale JustAnswer.com Login Contact us Type your legal car health pet home improvement computer question here... Enter your question here to continue... Continue 29 Experts are online now 15 lawyers are online now 24 mechanics are online now 15 doctors & nurses are online now 5 veterinarians are online now 9 electricians, plumbers & contractors are online now 18 computer & electronics techs are online now 29 Experts are online now 15,216,105 questions answered 3 billion dollars saved 11,990 verified Experts At a glance Categories Lawyers Categories Mechanics Categories Doctors & Nurses Categories Vets Categories Electricians & Plumbers Categories Computer & Electronics Categories More Categories Legal Bankruptcy Law Business Law Consumer Protection Law Criminal Law Education Law Employment Law California Employment Law Estate Law Family Law Immigration Law Intellectual Property Law Military Law Military Benefits Personal Injury Law Real Estate Law Landlord-Tenant CA Real Estate FL Real Estate Traffic Law UK Law UK Bankruptcy Law UK Employment Law UK Family Law UK Immigration Law UK Pensions UK Property Law UK Traffic Law Canada Law Canada Business Law Canada Criminal Law Canada Family Law Australia Law European Law French Law German Law Hawaii Law Pro Bono New Zealand Law Republic of Ireland Law Scots Law South Africa Law Spain Law Car Audi BMW Chrysler Dodge Jeep Classic Car Ford Lincoln Mercury UK Ford GM Buick Cadillac GMC Chevy Oldsmobile Pontiac Saturn Honda Acura Hyundai Jaguar Kia Mazda Mercedes Mitsubishi Nissan Infiniti UK Nissan Peugeot Porsche Renault Saab Subaru Toyota Lexus Vauxhall Volvo VW Australia Car UK Car Electric Vehicles Motorcycle RV Boat Transmissions Car Electronics Agriculture and Farm Equipment Construction and Road Equipment Heavy Equipment Industrial Equipment Medium and Heavy Trucks Small Engine Marine Electronics Medical Health Autism Bariatrics Cardiology Dental Dermatology Drug Testing Endocrinology Eye HIV and AIDS Homeopathy Neurology OB GYN Oncology Orthopedics Pediatrics Pharmacy Plastic Surgery Urology Power Mobility Veterinary Bird Bird Veterinary Cat Cat Veterinary Dog Dog Training Dog Veterinary Horse Management Horse Veterinary Large Animal Veterinary Pet Reptile Home Improvement Appliance UK Appliance Australia Whitegoods Electrical HVAC Landscaping Plumbing UK Plumbing Plumbing Professionals Pool and Spa Small Appliance Consumer Electronics Android Devices Cell Phones Office Equipment Phone Systems Camera and Video Clock Repair Digital Cameras Electronic Musical Instruments E-Readers Exercise Equipment Game Systems GPS Home Security Systems Home Theater-Stereo Recorders and Players TV UK Electronics Smartphones Computer Computer Hardware Laptop Mac Printers Microsoft Office Programming Software Powerpoint and Presentations Email Networking General Firearms Firearms Repair Arboriculture Relationship Care Antiques UK Antiques Appraisals Blue Book of Guns, Firearms Appraisals Musical Instrument Appraisal Entertainment Etiquette Genealogy Job Wedding Tax Capital Gains and Losses Finance Financial Software Social Security UK Tax Canada Tax Homework Business and Finance Homework Calculus and Above Essays Long Paper (3+ pages) Math Math Homework Multiple Problems Pre-Calculus Short Essay (2 pages or less) Single Problem Writing Writing Homework Business French German Research Spanish Engineering Structural Engineering Meet the Experts Meet the lawyers Meet the mechanics Meet the doctors & nurses Meet the veterinarians Meet the electricians & plumbers Meet the computer & electronics techs Harvard lawyers, UCLA doctors, Microsoft-certified computer techs, appraisers from Christie’s—they’re all here to answer your questions online or with a phone call. A third-party review panel verifies the licenses and credentials of each Expert on the site. Immigration specialists, divorce lawyers, criminal attorneys, and Experts in every area of the law are available to answer your question by phone or email in minutes, and at a fraction of what it costs for an in-person appointment. Lawyers can even prepare and review wills, tickets, and more on your behalf. Verified mechanics for all makes and models of cars, boats, motorcycles and RVs can provide diagnostic advice, walk you through a repair, share wiring diagrams, part numbers and instruction manuals, and get you moving in minutes—all for less than an oil change. Board-certified general practitioners, pediatricians, cardiologists, oncologists, and more are ready to answer your question online or by phone in minutes, 24/7. From evaluating current symptoms to reviewing test results and offering second opinions, you can access high-quality care when you need it most. Whether you have a Chihuahua or a Clydesdale, a Persian or an iguana, small and large animal vets are online 24/7, ready to provide detailed responses personalized for your pet. Talk to a verified vet by email or phone without the stress of stuffing your pet in a carrier or figuring out transportation. Whether you’re installing a new thermostat, need help with circuit breaker, or have a garbage disposal on the fritz, you can connect one-on-one with verified electricians and plumbers by email or phone 24/7. Get your problem fixed without the hefty fees and services charges—even on holidays and weekends. Verified Mac, PC, iPhone, iPad, and Android technicians can help reset your password, repair your network, recover your work and bring you back from the blue screen of death. Talk to specialists by email or phone—you can even have them securely sign in and fix the problem for you, 24/7. Online Ron ASE Certified Technician 32,560 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: ASE Certified Technician Most advanced degree: Technical School for Automotive Professional licenses: ASE Online Dr. Muneeb Ali Doctor 3,637 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Doctor Most advanced degree: Doctoral Degree Professional licenses: MBBS, MD, ECFMG Certified Online Viet Computer Technician 35,673 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Computer Technician Most advanced degree: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science Professional licenses: Microsoft MCP & CompTIA A+ Certifications Online Ely Counselor at Law 53,793 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Counselor at Law Most advanced degree: Juris Doctor Professional licenses: Bar License in State and US District Court Online Ray Lawyer 26,257 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Lawyer Most advanced degree: Juris Doctor Professional licenses: State Bar of Texas Online Ely Counselor at Law 54,443 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Counselor at Law Most advanced degree: Juris Doctor Professional licenses: Bar License in State and US District Court Online Richard Lawyer 54,274 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Lawyer Most advanced degree: BBA/MBA/JD Professional licenses: Licensed to practice law in Texas Online Loren Attorney 26,438 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Attorney Most advanced degree: Juris Doctor Professional licenses: JD Online Mike V. Nissan Technician 23,839 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Nissan Technician Most advanced degree: High School Diploma Professional licenses: NYS Inspector License Online Ron ASE Certified Technician 32,560 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: ASE Certified Technician Most advanced degree: Technical School for Automotive Professional licenses: ASE Online Chad Farhat ASE Certified Technician 1,922 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: ASE Certified Technician Most advanced degree: Industrial Technology Degree Professional licenses: ASE Certification Online Lou P. Master Technician 3,779 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Master Technician Most advanced degree: Bachelor's Degree Professional licenses: Mercedes Technician Online drcaplan Board Certified Physician 328 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Board Certified Physician Most advanced degree: Doctoral Degree Professional licenses: Internal Medicine, Peidatrics, OBGYN, and Intergrative Medicine Online Dr. Arun Phophalia Surgeon 32,028 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Surgeon Most advanced degree: Post Doctoral Degree in Surgery and Sports Medicine Professional licenses: MBBS, MS Certified Online Dr. K Board Certified OB/GYN 3,446 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Board Certified OB/GYN Most advanced degree: Medical Degree Professional licenses: MD OB/GYN Online Dr. Muneeb Ali Doctor 3,637 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Doctor Most advanced degree: Doctoral Degree Professional licenses: MBBS, MD, ECFMG Certified Online Dr. Peter Veterinarian 27,516 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Veterinarian Most advanced degree: Doctoral Degree Veterinarian Medicine Professional licenses: Verterinarian License Online Dr. Deb Veterinarian 7,255 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Veterinarian Most advanced degree: Doctoral Degree Veterinarian Medicine Professional licenses: DVM Online Rebecca Dog Veterinarian 9,844 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Dog Veterinarian Most advanced degree: Doctoral Degree Veterinarian Medicine Professional licenses: DVM Online Dr. Scott Nimmo Veterinarian 11,738 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Veterinarian Most advanced degree: Bachelor of Verterinary Medicine and Surgery Professional licenses: BVMS, MRCVS (Glasgow, UK) Online Donald Small Engine Technician 1,843 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Small Engine Technician Most advanced degree: GED Professional licenses: 25+ years of experience repairing 2 & 4 cycle engines Online Rick HVAC Supervisor 19,875 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: HVAC Supervisor Professional licenses: Construction Super, Master Plumber Online Joel Swenson Owner, Scott's Appliance Repair 2,218 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Owner, Scott's Appliance Repair Most advanced degree: GED Online Kelly Appliance Technician 19,489 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Appliance Technician Most advanced degree: High School Degree Professional licenses: 30+ years of experience Online Ashik Mac Technician 10,053 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Mac Technician Most advanced degree: Bachelor of Computer Application Professional licenses: Mac specialist Online Viet Computer Technician 35,673 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Computer Technician Most advanced degree: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science Professional licenses: Microsoft MCP & CompTIA A+ Certifications Online Lorenz Vauck Computer Expert 714 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Computer Expert Most advanced degree: Electrical Engeering Professional licenses: DOS, Linx, Mac OS, iOS, Android, Window certifications Online IT Miro Computer Scientist 3,098 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Computer Scientist Most advanced degree: Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology Professional licenses: Microsoft Certified Professional Online Nora Accredited Appraiser 9,014 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Accredited Appraiser Most advanced degree: Post Graduate Degree from Christies London Professional licenses: Member AOA & ISA USPAP Compliant Online Glenda B. Antiques Appraiser 19,045 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Antiques Appraiser Most advanced degree: Advanced studies in antiques at the University of Arkansas, Little Rock Professional licenses: Member AOA, AADA, Antique Store Owner Online Robert S. Accredited Appraiser 5,178 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Accredited Appraiser Most advanced degree: Bachelor's Degree Online Doris Owner, Nashville Appraisals Corp. 5,373 satisfied customers Verified Current job title: Owner, Nashville Appraisals Corp. Most advanced degree: Bachelor's Degree Professional licenses: USPAP Compliant. Member AOA. "I can fix anything with a small motor. I like being able to help other people do that, too!" – Ron, ASE Certified Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2007 "I got into medicine in order to help people and JustAnswer allows me to help so many more people, on a much larger scale. I would not have been to help such a varied group of patients by simply working in a single hospital over the years. The customers on JA are simply the best!" – Dr. Muneeb Ali, Doctor Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 "Computers and tech are easy for me and JustAnswer gives me the opportunity to make it easy for others. It makes me really happy to get someone's computer working again." – Viet, Computer Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2010 "I became an attorney to help people. Now that I am retired I can continue that calling by helping JustAnswer customers find the information that they need." – Ely, Counselor at Law Expert on JustAnswer since 2007 "I enjoy the variety of questions and being able to do it from anywhere in the world. I have done it from about 20 states, several foreign countries, Jamaica, Mexico and others. I enjoy the ability to work and have freedom to travel. I appreciate the staff at JA they have really helped the experts do a better job with the dashboard and other related items." – Ray, Lawyer Expert on JustAnswer since 2008 "I became an attorney to help people. Now that I am retired I can continue that calling by helping JustAnswer customers find the information that they need." – Ely, Counselor at Law Expert on JustAnswer since 2007 "I love JustAnswer because I enjoy leveling the field for the little guy. My goal with each of my customers is to not only explain the law, but also provide a solution to their problem. To be able to do that at an affordable price is as fulfilling to me as I hope it is to my customers." – Richard, Lawyer Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 "I really like the fact that I learn something new about the law every day. I have learned so much by researching the answers to the questions. I really feel JA has made me a better lawyer." – Loren, Attorney Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 "Giving assistance to people when they need it is really fulfilling. So many times we can fix stuff easily and save the customer lots of money, too." – Mike V., Nissan Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 "I can fix anything with a small motor. I like being able to help other people do that, too!" – Ron, ASE Certified Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2007 "Working on JustAnswer has been a life changing experience for me, I get to do what I love, providing expert help to people with their car problems across the globe." – Chad Farhat, ASE Certified Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2010 "I love working on JustAnswer and cannot name just one thing I enjoy the most, the flexibility, the satisfaction of a customer saying that I was very helpful, the extra income for my family, the teamwork from other Experts on the site, it truly is a great site and I'm lucky to be a part of it. I love helping people on JustAnswer for the simple reason that in the automotive world there is so much misinformation on the web that costs customers hundreds if not thousands of unnecessary dollars, that I can inform them properly with factory info and real world hands on experience and lead them in the right direction, if not help fix the issues at hand, and you cannot put a value on that." – Lou P., Master Technician Expert on JustAnswer since "I love getting to help people every day, at any hour! People from all over the world come to me with questions, seeking advice! Not everyone has access to doctors who are genuinely interested in listening and helping, and that's what I love most! I love being a sounding board for worries or questions or curious minds!" – drcaplan, Board Certified Physician Expert on JustAnswer since 2013 "JustAnswer is a life changer for me. It gives me the opportunity to work anytime of my choice. JA platform is always evolving and thus there are continuous learning opportunities. JustAnswer connects global audience with global workers. JA makes it possible to use my skills, experience and knowledge to help people from diverse communities and cultures. I am so happy when somebody mentions that my answer prevented an ER or urgent care visit or my online diagnosis was confirmed by their doctor. JustAnswer has given me money, learning opportunities, professional recognition and satisfaction, and many new friends and colleagues." – Dr. Arun Phophalia, Surgeon Expert on JustAnswer since 2007 "I love working with people on JustAnswer because I get to spend a lot of time with each person and really get to the bottom of the question." – Dr. K, Board Certified OB/GYN Expert on JustAnswer since 2012 "I got into medicine in order to help people and JustAnswer allows me to help so many more people, on a much larger scale. I would not have been to help such a varied group of patients by simply working in a single hospital over the years. The customers on JA are simply the best!" – Dr. Muneeb Ali, Doctor Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 "Since the invention of the internet, the world became a much smaller place. It is a privilege to be part of the JustAnswer team since it allows me to help and guide clients anywhere in the world, especially when they are in a remote area without a veterinarian. The joy to be able to assist people (pet owners, animal lovers) whenever possible and provide my advice and support to the best of my knowledge is one of the most fulfilling experiences I have ever felt as a veterinarian." – Dr. Peter, Veterinarian Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 "JustAnswer provides me with a unique opportunity to help a large number of people and the pets they love. Trying to help pet owners with whatever issues or concerns they might have is tremendously rewarding and satisfying on many levels." – Dr. Deb, Veterinarian Expert on JustAnswer since 2011 "When people who are worried about their pets come to JustAnswer I think of how much my dog Ilsa means to me. Then I give my best answer, by telling concerned pet owners what I would do in their situation for my own beloved pets." – Rebecca, Dog Veterinarian Expert on JustAnswer since 2008 "As a dedicated small animal vet I have spent my whole career helping people with their much loved pet's health problems and I am very glad of the opportunity JustAnswer gives me to continue to do so online. But it is not all one sided, researching the answers I give helps keep me up to date and abreast of the latest developments in my field." – Dr. Scott Nimmo, Veterinarian Expert on JustAnswer since 2008 "Working on JustAnswer has granted me the pleasure of meeting and working with some truly awesome people. I genuinely enjoy assisting each of my customers, with each of their individual needs. I strive to make customer satisfaction my number one priority. It is very rewarding, just knowing that I have personally helped someone who relied upon me, to lead them in the right direction." – Donald, Small Engine Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2012 "I really enjoy helping people particularly when they are in a bind, like the guy in Alaska with no heat, it's 30 below and the nearest repair guy is 200 miles away by plane!" – Rick, HVAC Supervisor Expert on JustAnswer since 2005 "As an expert in the appliance category I get to help customers save money on unnecessary service calls and overpriced parts which for me makes being a member of the JustAnswer community a very rewarding experience." – Joel Swenson, Owner, Scott's Appliance Repair Expert on JustAnswer since 2015 "I enjoy the freedom and the unrestricted earning potential working on JA provides. Mostly I enjoy knowing that my help provides customers an alternative solution to an expensive appliance repair and empowers them to learn and solve a problem that they would not likely be able to solve on their own!" – Kelly, Appliance Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2008 "For me, nothing is more rewarding than the satisfaction you get from helping people and that is why I'm here. JustAnswer is not just a platform of simple questions and answers but it's more about caring, sharing, learning, laughing, loving and helping each other. JustAnswer is so rewarding and the best!" – Ashik, Mac Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 "Computers and tech are easy for me and JustAnswer gives me the opportunity to make it easy for others. It makes me really happy to get someone's computer working again." – Viet, Computer Technician Expert on JustAnswer since 2010 "It's so rewarding to help customers to fix their computer problems and go beyond their expectations. Apart from the challenge for me (which I like a lot), I love it when I can "feel" their smile when we finish the session, which started out with a sad face for the customer. JustAnswer is a win-win situation for everyone involved!" – Lorenz Vauck, Computer Expert Expert on JustAnswer since 2014 "Knowing that my knowledge and expertise can help others with their computer problems fulfills me every day. JustAnswer gives me a way to transform frustration into satisfaction, and I am sure my customers appreciate it very much!" – IT Miro, Computer Scientist Expert on JustAnswer since 2010 "It is truly gratifying to help customers discover and learn about their fine art and objects. I feel so fortunate that I can share my education, experience and earned credentials to provide customers with an honest, professional and informed answer. I am thankful and fortunate to be an integral member of a community comprised of caring, professional, accredited experts who provide superior individual attention to the thousands of people around the globe who come to Justanswer for help on a daily basis." – Nora, Accredited Appraiser Expert on JustAnswer since 2012 "Working at JustAnswer has allowed me to earn a living from my home. I aquired a rare disease that made it impossible to work in the public any longer, this job has allowed me to continue earning my living and maintain my self sufficiency. I was thrilled to find this site. Those in charge of the site have been wonderful to work with." – Glenda B., Antiques Appraiser Expert on JustAnswer since "We all love discovering the details and value of our antique treasures and collectibles, and I love being able to provide that for customers. The JustAnswer format makes it so easy and confidential for them, too. There's no need to bring an item anywhere and no concerns about the expertise or honest opinion, say, of a local pawnbroker or antique dealer. Customers really enjoy getting an accurate, unbiased and detailed evaluation -and in the privacy and convenience of their home." – Robert S., Accredited Appraiser Expert on JustAnswer since 2011 "I enjoy the experience of growing as an appraiser of a large variety of treasures. Each question asked is an opportunity to draw on my reserve of knowledge and experience or learn through researching in a new field. I find it very satisfying when I can give accurate history and value to solve mysteries for my customers." – Doris, Owner, Nashville Appraisals Corp. Expert on JustAnswer since 2009 Behind the screen: How it works Ask a question Verified doctors, lawyers, vets, mechanics, and more are online around the clock and ready to answer your question online or by phone. Connect in minutes We match your question with the most qualified Expert available. You get unlimited back and forth until your question is answered to your satisfaction—guaranteed. Save time and money Our rates are a fraction of an in-person appointment. Best of all, you can ask questions and get answers within minutes, 24/7, without wasting time on hold or in a waiting room. Your happiness is 100% guaranteed We stand behind every answer on our site. If you aren’t 100% satisfied for any reason, we’ll gladly process a full refund—no questions asked. Unlimited back and forth Keep asking questions until you get the answer you need. Free second opinions If you want a second opinion after receiving your answer, it’s on the house. 100% money-back guarantee If you aren’t happy for any reason, we’ll refund your money. No questions asked. What they're saying about us Legal Opinion Regarding Mexican Immigration "I contacted JustAnswer about a critical question I had about residency status for a U.S. citizen in Mexico... the lawyer referred me to justanswer.es which is its Mexican counterpart. There I was about to get counsel from a Mexican attorney IN Mexico. That's great service!" S.L. Rated: Quick service " ...My question was answered quickly and gave enough information to give my husband peace of mind. If the need arises again, I will use your service again!" Brenda Rated: Fast and great service "I was shocked at how quickly my question was answered. Although it wasn't the answer I wanted I was grateful for the accurate information. When dealing with matters of Law is always a good idea to get the right answer even if it's not what you want to hear. The staff made sure I did what was right and for that I'm thankful. GREAT JOB!!!" Dan Tamewitz Rated: I wish I had made this connection before I took my cat to the vet! "The response to my questions was immediate and the phone consultation with Dr. Lori allowed me to have all my questions answered. Going forward, I knew what course to take concerning my cat's health, and felt much more confident in her explanation than I did the vet that I had taken my cat to previously. I wholeheartedly recommend JustAnswer if you don't know where to turn or what to ask. Dr. Lori was very knowledgeable and kind. Thank you." Gail P. Rated: Heat & Air Question "I had a simple question about setting thermostats on a fairly new heat pump. My question was answered promptly & has solved my issue. Your service saved me a good bit by not having to pay a service charge." Phyllis Macgowen Rated: More than pleased "I received almost immediate answers to my concerns Re: my young cat. Information was excellent, courteous, solved my problem with a few timely questions and answers. Would not hesitate to use them again." Pat Pasciuto Rated: A Revolution in Accessing Quality Professional Help "I used to be frustrated when I needed a legal opinion. I'd have to make an appointment, wait several days and then pay a ton of money for a simple question. With JustAnswer I get to speak with a highly knowledgeable attorney for a fee that I can afford. There's nothing else like it." Gary Rated: Recent questions and answers word, excel powerpoint will not open on my mac JA: Just to clarify, what's the model of your Mac, and what operating system are you running? Customer: macbookpro and have mircosoft 2011 JA: What's the model and Operating System (OS) of your device? Customer: ok, sorry not computer sabby-where can i find that info? sorry JA: When did you purchase your Apple device? What troubleshooting have you tried? Customer: purchased it 2 years ago and i have tried to restart it several times JA: Anything else you want the Mac expert to know before I connect you? Customer: i dont think so1 hour ago Preview answer Do you have the installation media/downloaded file of Office 2011 ? 1 hour ago View question 2015 Suntracker 24' Fishing Pontoon with 115 hp 4 stroke Mercury. setting fro Pulls to the right. Have installed a finned trim tab and adjusted all the way to the right to no avail. Have read that if anti-ventilation plate is more than 2" above bottom of boat, then trim tab has no effect to correct a right pull problem. Mine is above 2". Motor is properly installed at second JA: Sometimes boat issues seem like they'll be really complicated, but end up being easy to fix. The Marine Mechanic I'm going to connect you with knows all the tricks and shortcuts. Is there anything else the Marine Mechanic should be aware of? Customer: Motor is properly installed per Sun Tracker at second slot from top. Seems like installing a 6" jack plate and lowering motor so anti-ventilation is at or less than 2 " above boat bottom should help. However dealer says not to, that this will cause problems. Any thoughts,1 hour ago Preview answer H​ello my name is Jason, whom am I speaking with? All outboards will have a pull to them due to the inertia in the engines flywheel and crankshaft. How much you feel that pull all depends on what kind of system is in the boat. Do you know what your boat has for a steering system? Is it mechanical or hydraulic? If mechanical do you know if it's a rack and pinion steering system?1 hour ago View question I just saw solar eclipse. I watched most of it by using my cell phone between my line of sight and the sun. I also used glasses for a bit towards the end and had direct exposure to the sun a few times for a split second. JA: Have you seen a doctor about this yet? What medications are you taking? Customer: no JA: Anything else in your medical history you think the doctor should know? Customer: no2 hours ago Preview answer you don't have to see a doctorrest your eyes.if your eyes are dry, you can use moisturizing eye drops.take a break from the computer.let me know if you have other questions.if done for now, please leave Positive Rating of 5 stars so I can get credit for helping you todaywe only get credit for helping clients after positive feedbackyou may have to scroll up or down to see the ratings areayou can always reach me directly with "a question for Dr. David" in the medicine or oncology categories if you have other questionshere is my website if you need to reach me:http://www.justanswer.com/medical/expert-dr-david/Thanks for using JustAnswers.com 2 hours ago View question how do I change the password ***** the opening page after date info?2 hours ago Preview answer Hi. My name is Byron. Thank you for your question and the opportunity to assist.On the opening page do you also see an e-mail address displayed?2 hours ago View question I am lokking to adjust the parking brake JA: Okay, I'll connect you to the mechanic to discuss this further with you. Before I do, is there anything else you want him to know? Customer: Thanks2 hours ago Preview answer Good luck with your vehicle, And please don’t forget to rate my performance in the upper left corner otherwise i don’t get compensated. Thank you and have a blessed day.2 hours ago View question I RECENTLY FELL, GOING DOWN MY STAIRS. NEXT DAY LARGE BLUE MARK ON MY BUTTOCKS. I HAVE A SWOLLEN WRIST. HAD THE WRIST X-RAYED, NO FX, BUT SWOLLEN. THAT WAS A WEEK AGO. TODAY IT IS STILL SWOLLEN. ANY SUGGESTIONS? JA: Any recent injuries? How long have you been dealing with the swelling? Customer: NO RECENT INJURIES. ABOUT A WEEK ON THE SWELLING. TRIED ICE. JA: Anything else in your medical history you think the doctor should know? Customer: NOT REALLY, I AM A PROFESSIONAL, HAVE HTN, 70 Y/O, STILL WORKING, ACTUALLY A PHARMACIST .2 hours ago Preview answer I seethat is good.hopefully you won't fall again.some physical therapy and exercise therapy could help your balance and prevent falls.ice and rest are your best friends after a fall and bruiseeating more protein and fruits and vegetables can help you recoverlet me know if you have other questions.if done for now, please leave Positive Rating of 5 stars so I can get credit for helping you todaywe only get credit for helping clients after positive feedbackyou may have to scroll up or down to see the ratings areayou can always reach me directly with "a question for Dr. David" in the medicine or oncology categories if you have other questionshere is my website if you need to reach me:http://www.justanswer.com/medical/expert-dr-david/Thanks for using JustAnswers.com 2 hours ago View question my mother was fully independent and has recently suffered a heart attack. this has caused her to be in a state of delirium which may not improve. my question is what are my steps to be able to pay her rent and bills. JA: You just pay a $5 deposit now and the rest only when you get a reply from the Lawyer. All of this is 100% satisfaction guaranteed, so you can get a refund if you're not happy for any reason. Customer: how do I make the deposit? JA: When we are ready I'll take you to the appropriate web page. Customer: ok JA: Because laws vary from place to place, can you tell me what state the property is in? Customer: british columbia canada JA: Has anything been filed or reported? Customer: not yet JA: Anything else you want the lawyer to know before I connect you? Customer: not that I can think of2 hours ago Preview answer I am sorry to hear this. Did your mother sign a Power of Attorney before she had the heart attack at any point?2 hours ago View question I can't get into my SKYPE account. It says I need a Microsoft account number to access my Skype address book I don't wnat to open q new account for fear of losing my pld phone/address ifo. JA: Just to clarify, what's the exact model of your computer? And what operating system are you running? Customer: MacBook Pro retina, mid 2012 JA: Have you installed any updates recently? Customer: mac OS 10.12.6 JA: Anything else you want the computer expert to know before I connect you? Customer: Do I need a Microsoft account now? This is new.2 hours ago Preview answer Hi this is Andrew your computer expert and I will do my best to help you today! 2 hours ago View question Second opinion] My name is Linda.I'm a resident of Colorado.What step do I need to take, as my boss is constantly harassing and bullying me JA: Can you tell me what state this is in? And how long has this been going on? Customer: Colorado This has been an issue for about 10 years JA: Has anything been filed or reported? Customer: no, Not on my end. JA: Anything else you want the lawyer to know before I connect you? Customer: On a daily basis I have tons of work load, and my other co workers do not get as much work as I do. I'm constantly getting blamed for everything that goes wrong, even if I'm not working the day of the incidents2 hours ago Preview answer Thank you for trusting your question to JA today. I am a licensed attorney with over a decade of law practice and over 20 years of experience in the legal field. I’m happy to be of assistance. Unfortunately, unless you can state that the reason for this differing treatment is your race, religion, gender, age (over 40), disability or recent FMLA (medical leave) use, there isn't anything that you can do. Those are the only factors that are protected, by statute, from harassment and retaliation. Without one of those at the motivator for the harassment, it is called generalized harassment which is not illegal in this country. If you have any further questions or other facts that you would like me to consider, please let me know. I invite follow up questions, so use REPLY for those. If you have no further questions then good luck going forward and please do not forget to rate my service with a three, a four or preferably a five star rating so that I receive credit for working with you today. Please rate me based on my service and not on your satisfaction with the law, which I am not in control of and I am just reporting to you. Also, feel free to request me in the future, if you have questions concerning a different matter. 2 hours ago View question Can an HOA board just suddenly change bylaws to make all of 16 units and surrounding areas non smoking? JA: Because real estate law varies from place to place, can you tell me what state the association is in? Customer: Oregon JA: Has any paperwork been filed? Customer: Not that I am aware of yet. Only a survey was sent to all 16 units. JA: Anything else you want the lawyer to know before I connect you? Customer: I have another issue of water damage (black mold on three levels) and HOA INSURANCE denying claim due to "neglect." I am not made of money but I want the HOA to be held responsible.2 hours ago Preview answer Good afternoon,I'm Doug, and I'm very sorry to hear of your situation. My goal is to provide you with excellent service today. Yes, a condo association can modify the by-laws to make the entire property, including the units, non-smoking areas. While it might be a mistake for the association to do that after having allowed smoking for years because some residents would be expected to sue the association for devaluation of the property based on the restrictions, they association could do that. As for the mold issue, if the HOA was the party who was neglectful in maintaining the property which lead to the mold infestation, then insurance or not, the HOA is still obligated to make the repairs. If they do not, then you, as an individual member, could sue the HOA for breach of contract and seek money damages to make the repairs necessary to your area of the complex. You can sue in Oregon small claims court for up to $10,000.00. You may reply to me again if you have additional questions, and I will be happy to continue to assist you.I am not an employee of this site and I am only paid for helping you when you rate my service to you. Please remember to rate my service to you by clicking on the rating stars on your screen (preferably 5-Stars) so that I can be compensated for helping you. Thank you in advance.I wish you and yours well in 2017,Doug2 hours ago View question They love us on Ask-a-doc Web sites: If you’ve got a quick question, you can try to get an answer from sites that say they have various specialists on hand to give quick answers... Justanswer.com. Traffic on JustAnswer rose 14 percent... and had nearly 400,000 page views in 30 days... inquiries related to stress, high blood pressure, drinking and heart pain jumped 33 percent. JustAnswer.com...has seen a spike since October in legal questions from readers about layoffs, unemployment and severance. Web sites like justanswer.com/legal... leave nothing to chance. I will tell you that... the things you have to go through to be an Expert are quite rigorous. Tory Johnson, GMA Workplace Contributor, discusses work-from-home jobs, such as JustAnswer in which verified Experts answer people’s questions. FREE EXPERT TIPS & ARTICLES How to stay warm and save money By Robyn Winterizing your home the right way By Carolyn Hauck Will winterizing lower my heating bills? By Jessica Klimczak See More in Our Blog USING JUSTANSWER Browse Categories Medical Questions Ask a Lawyer Car Questions Ask a Vet Home Improvement Questions Computer Questions Consumer Electronics Questions Tax Questions Ask a Tutor Other questions Meet the Experts Other Countries JustAnswer UK JustAnswer Germany JustAnswer Spain JustAnswer Japan CUSTOMER CARE Contact Us Help FAQs The JustAnswer Promise Login Register GET TO KNOW US About JustAnswer How It Works Press Room JOIN US Careers Become an Expert Become an Affiliate Refer an Expert STAY CONNECTED © 2003-2017 JustAnswer LLC. All rights reserved.Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceContact UsSitemap
