Rieker 52180 Louise 80 Black - 6pm.com Free Shipping Week! June 19-25 See Details 1.888.676.2660 6AM - 8PM PST Log InLogout My Account Close 1.888.676.2660 6AM - 8PM PST Shoes Women's Sandals Sneakers Flats Heels Clogs & Mules View all... Men's Sneakers Sandals Boat Shoes Loafers Oxfords View all... The Sandals Shop The Luxury Shop Clothing Women's Dresses Shirts & Tops Swimwear Shorts View all... Men's Shirts & Tops Shorts Swimwear Pants View all... Specialty Shops Juniors' Shop Swim Shop Athletic Shop Outdoor Shop Luxury Shop Bags All Bags Handbags Backpacks Wallets & Accessories Luggage View all... Top Styles Cross Body Totes Shoulder Bags Satchels Clutches Top Brands Coach Tommy Hilfiger Valentino Bags by Mario Valentino Steven Madden Frye Accessories All Accessories Sunglasses Hats Watches Jewelry Belts Sunglass Styles Aviators Oval Rectangular Cat Eye View all... Top Brands Oakley Spy Optic Under Armour GUESS Columbia Women's Shoes Sandals Sneakers Flats Heels View all... Clothing Dresses Shirts & Tops Activewear Swimwear View all... Handbags Eyewear Watches Jewelry Accessories Specialty Sizes Plus Size Petite Juniors Men's Shoes Sneakers Sandals Boat Shoes Loafers View all... Clothing Shirts & Tops Shorts Activewear Swimwear View all... Bags Eyewear Accessories Kids' Boys Shoes Clothing Accessories View all... Girls Shoes Clothing Accessories View all... Shop by Age Infant Toddler Little Kid Big Kid Clearance Brands Featured Brands COACH Brooks Nine West ASICS Nike UGG Oakley SKECHERS Cole Haan Brand Index # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Need Help? Up To 60% Off MSRP Shop Now Back |  Shoes Heels Rieker Rieker 52180 Louise 80 104 Reviews 5 stars 83% 4 stars 11% 3 stars 5% 2 stars 0% 1 star 2% Play Video Fit Survey Powered by Zappos 85% Felt true to size 0% Full size too large 5% Half size too Large 85% True to size 10% Half size too small 1% Full size too small 93% Felt true to width 93% Felt true to width 3% Felt narrower than marked 4% Felt wider than marked 63% Moderate arch support 25% Excellent arch support 63% Moderate arch support 12% No arch support Product Information SKU: #7563804 Add an extra touch of style and fashion to your ensemble in the Louise 80. Rich leather upper with slouch detail and discrete side goring for easy on and off wear. Lightly-padded insole provides cushioning and support with every step. Stacked heel and synthetic outsole help maintain your confident stride. Imported. Measurements: Heel Height: 1 1⁄4 in Weight: 6 oz Product measurements were taken using size 38 (US Women's 7-7.5), width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size. Customer Reviews Provided by Zappos Sort by:   Most Helpful  |   Newest 13 people found this review helpful Overall: Comfort: Style: Something about the oddness of this shoe drew me in. It reminds me of something a Dickens character would wear. It is very comfy, fits true to size, and has that "is it ugly or cool?" vibe going on. I decided it's hideous and I love it. The heel is perfection. Fit Survey Runs Small Runs Large Felt true to size Runs Narrow Runs Wide Felt true to width Anonymous - customer from Colorado September 20, 2011 4 people found this review helpful Overall: Comfort: Style: This shoe is extremely comfortable, and I like the fact there is some heel. I purchased the shoe in Smoke, a subtle brownish color, less stark than black. Fit Survey Runs Small Runs Large Felt true to size Runs Narrow Runs Wide Felt true to width Poor Support Great Support Excellent arch support Anonymous - customer from Los Altos CA December 28, 2011 3 people found this review helpful Overall: Comfort: Style: These shoes are even better than the pictures! They are absolutely great looking shoes! I was looking for something to wear with jeans and sweaters on days a more casual shoe seemed like the wrong choice - I decided to go for the red color and it's a red that should look great with almost anything. My pair seems a little darker than the red in the picture, but not all the way to burgundy. They are very comfortable, but a bit more snug than my other Rieker's in the same size. The leather is wonderfully soft! Fit Survey Runs Small Runs Large Felt a half size smaller than marked Runs Narrow Runs Wide Felt true to width Poor Support Great Support Moderate arch support Anonymous - customer from North Alabama December 5, 2011 3 people found this review helpful Overall: Comfort: Style: These Reikers are fantastic; they're so, so comfortable! They fit perfectly, and they are adorable. If you are looking for a very cute shoe to wear with pants and skirts, these are the shoes for you. Fit Survey Runs Small Runs Large Felt true to size Runs Narrow Runs Wide Felt true to width Poor Support Great Support Moderate arch support Anonymous - customer from Saint Paul, MN November 3, 2011 3 people found this review helpful Overall: Comfort: Style: Like butta on my feet straight out of the box. They were snug on first trying, but I think they will give just fine. I got the red. I was nervous because another reviewer said they looked brown more than red. I think they are a nice blood red -- dark, but red nonetheless. Would definitely recommend this shoe. Fit Survey Runs Small Runs Large Felt true to size Runs Narrow Runs Wide Felt true to width Poor Support Great Support Moderate arch support Anonymous - customer from Aiken, SC November 2, 2011 MSRP $120.00 $71.99 Color: Black Women's Size (Size Chart): 42 (US Women's 10) Women's Width: M Add to Shopping Bag Add to Favorites Share: Tweet Pin It Email Shop with Confidence Shopping on 6pm.com is Safe Safe Shopping Guarantee Free Shipping Week! Get free shipping June 19-25 with no minimums! See Details Return Policy 6pm.com will be happy to accept a return within 30 days of the date of purchase. Learn More Customer Service Safe Shopping Guarantee Forgot Password Shipping Rates Return Policy FAQ's Contact Info Shopping Women's Men's Kids Brands My Account Login/Register My Account Order Status Order History Print An Invoice Track My Order Information About Site Map Coupons Find us on: Resources Associates Program How Do You Like Our Website? We'd like to get your feedback. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Welg © 2009-2017 Zappos.com, Inc. or its affiliates, 400 East Stewart Avenue. Las Vegas NV 89101 6pm.com is operated by Zappos IP, Inc. Products on 6pm.com are sold by 6pm.com, LLC. e-Gift Cards on 6pm.com are sold by ACI Gift Cards, Inc. For premier service, selection, and shipping, visit Zappos.com — your one-stop shop for the latest in Shoes, Sandals, Dresses, Jeans and more! For luxury and designer styles, visit Zappos Luxury.
