Apple AirPods White MMEF2AM/A - Best Buy Skip to content Expert Service. Unbeatable Price. Credit Cards Order Status Store Locator Best Buy Logo Search Best Buyclear Account Sign In or Create a My Best Buy Account Get rewards and exclusive deals, make lists, check your order status, and more. Account Home Saved Items Shopping History Saved Items Cart Products Featured Gift Ideas New Tech Garage Tech Xbox One X Fidget Spinners Tech from Start-Ups All Categories Appliances Appliances Major Kitchen Appliances Refrigerators Dishwashers Ranges, Cooktops & Wall Ovens Range Hoods Microwaves Wine Refrigerators & Coolers Freezers & Ice Makers Kitchen Appliance Packages Laundry & Garment Care Washers & Dryers Laundry Packages Irons, Steamers & Sewing Machines Floor Care, Seasonal & Parts Vacuum Cleaners & Floor Care Heating, Cooling & Air Quality Outdoor Living Appliance Parts & Accessories Small Kitchen Appliances Blenders & Juicers Coffee, Tea & Espresso Countertop Microwaves Mini Fridges Mixers Slow Cookers & Crock Pots Toaster & Pizza Ovens Shop All Small Kitchen Appliances Services & Support Appliance Installation Delivery & Haul Away Recycling Shop All Appliance Services Deals & Outlet Major Appliance Deals Small Appliance Deals Appliance Open-Box In-Store Experience Pacific Kitchen & Home Samsung Open House Close TV & Home Theater TV & Home Theater TVs Find the Perfect TV 4K Ultra HD TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs OLED TVs LED TVs Outdoor TVs Shop All Televisions Audio & Video Components Blu-ray & DVD Players Streaming Media Players Home Theater Systems Sound Bars Projectors & Screens Home Audio Components Wireless & Multiroom Audio Accessories TV Stands, Mounts & Furniture A/V Cables & Connectors Remote Controls Surge Protectors & Power HDMI Cables Home Theater Networking TV Antennas Shop All Accessories Services & Support TV & Home Theater Services TV & Internet Service Providers Deals & Outlet Top Deals on 4K TVs & HDTVs TV & Home Theater Open-Box In-Store Experience Magnolia Home Theater Samsung Entertainment Experience Sony Experience Shop LG Experience Close Computers & Tablets Computers & Tablets Computers Laptops Desktops & All-in-One Computers 2-in-1s PC Gaming & Virtual Reality PC Gaming Gaming Accessories & Peripherals Virtual Reality Computer Accessories Monitors Printers, Ink & Toner Hard Drives & Storage Networking & Wireless Software Computer Cards & Components Shop All Computer Accessories Tablets & Accessories iPad Tablets Kids' Tablets iPad & Tablet Accessories E-Readers & Accessories Services & Support Computer & Tablet Services AppleCare Protection & AppleCare+ Deals & Outlet Computer Deals Tablet Deals Computers & Tablets Open-Box Computers & Tablets Refurbished In-Store Experience Apple Store Samsung Experience Store Close Cameras & Camcorders Cameras & Camcorders Cameras & Lenses Digital SLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Camera Lenses Point & Shoot Cameras Instant Print Cameras Shop All Digital Cameras Camcorders Action Camcorders Traditional Camcorders Shop All Camcorders Accessories Memory Cards Camera Bags & Cases Tripods & Monopods Camera Batteries & Chargers Flashes & Lighting Lens Filters Microphones Action Camcorder Accessories Camcorder Accessories Camera Accessories Related Categories Drones & Accessories Photo Printers Instant Photo Printers Binoculars, Telescopes & Optics Trail Cameras & Rangefinders Security Cameras & Systems 360 Degree Cameras Dash Cameras Photo Editing Software Cell Phone Camera Lenses Services & Support Camera & Camcorder Protection Shop All Camera & Camcorder Services Deals & Outlet Camera & Camcorder Deals Camera & Camcorder Open-Box Camera & Camcorder Clearance In-Store Experience Camera Experience Shop Close Cell Phones Cell Phones Shop by Carrier Verizon AT&T Sprint Shop by Phone iPhone Samsung Galaxy Phones with Plans Prepaid Phones Unlocked Phones Refurbished & Pre-Owned Phones Cell Phone Accessories iPhone Accessories Samsung Galaxy Accessories Cell Phone Cases & Clips Portable Chargers & Power Packs Instant Photo Printers Screen Protectors Shop All Accessories Services & Support Cell Phone Services AppleCare+ for iPhone My Best Buy Mobile Deals & Outlet Cell Phone Deals Cell Phone Refurbished & Pre-Owned Trade-In & Upgrade Cell Phone Trade-In Cell Phone Upgrade Checker Close Audio Audio Home Audio Home Theater Systems Receivers & Amplifiers Speakers CD Players & Turntables Stereo Shelf Systems Sound Bars High-Resolution Audio Magnolia: Premium Audio Bring superior sound to your home theater. Home Audio Accessories Portable Audio Headphones Portable Speakers iPod & MP3 Players Radios, Boomboxes & Speaker Docks Wireless & Multiroom Audio Wireless Multiroom Audio Systems Multiroom Receivers Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Wireless Headphones Shop All Wireless Audio Other Categories Car Audio Marine Audio Musical Instruments Services & Support Portable Audio Services TV & Home Theater Services Deals & Outlet Wireless Audio Deals Home Audio Deals Audio Open-Box & Refurbished Audio Clearance In-Store Experience Magnolia Home Theater Close Video Games Video Games Shop by Console PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Nintendo 3DS PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Wii U PC Gaming Shop All Gaming Accessories PlayStation VR Xbox One Accessories PlayStation 4 Accessories Nintendo Switch Accessories Gaming Cards Toys to Life Gaming Headsets Licensed Collectibles Shop All Accessories Shop by Game Pre-Orders New Releases Digital Gaming Shop by Franchise Battlefront II Call of Duty Destiny 2 Red Dead Redemption 2 Shop Top Franchises Services & Support Video Game Trade-In Video Game Services Deals & Outlet Video Games Pre-Owned & Refurbished Video Game Deals Video Games Clearance Gamer's Club Unlocked Learn More Sign-Up Member Offers Close Movies & Music Movies & Music Movies & TV Shows Pre-Orders New Releases 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Discs Blu-ray Discs Blu-ray 3D DVDs TV Shows Shop All Movies & TV Shows Music New Releases Pre-Orders CDs Vinyl Musical Instruments Shop All Music Shop by Franchise Star Wars Marvel DC Comics Disney Pixar Transformers X-Men Game of Thrones Shop All Franchises Deals & Outlet Movies & TV Shows Deals Music Deals Entertainment Gift Cards iTunes Gift Cards Spotify Gift Cards Google Gift Cards Dining Gift Cards Shop All Gift Cards Close Car Electronics & GPS Car Electronics & GPS Car Audio Car Stereo Receivers Car Speakers Car Subwoofers & Enclosures Car Amplifiers Car Equalizers & Processors Smartphone & iPod Car Connectors Satellite Radios Car Installation Parts & Accessories Shop All Car Audio Car Security & Convenience Remote Starters & Keyless Entry Radar Detectors Vehicle Diagnostics Remote Transmitters Car Lights & Accessories Car Video & GPS GPS Navigation & Accessories Back-Up & Dash Cameras Car Video & DVD Players Other Categories Marine & Powersports Services & Support Car Electronics Professional Installation Deals & Outlet Car Electronics & GPS Deals Car Electronics & GPS Outlet Close Wearable Technology Wearable Technology Action Camcorders Activity Trackers & Pedometers Apple Watch Fitness & GPS Watches Headphones Pet Tracking Devices Smart Sports Equipment Smart Tracker Tags Smartwatches & Accessories Virtual Reality Featured Brands Apple Beats Bose Fitbit Garmin Samsung Services & Support Wearable Technology Services AppleCare+ for Apple Watch Deals & Outlet Wearable Technology Deals Wearable Technology Open-Box Close Health, Fitness & Beauty Health, Fitness & Beauty Health & Fitness Activity Trackers & Pedometers Apple Watch Assistive Technology Baby & Prenatal Care Fitness & GPS Watches Fitness Videos & Software Health Monitoring & Testing Headphones Scales Smart Sports Equipment Smartwatches & Accessories Sports & Outdoor Recreation Sports Fan Shop Health & Fitness Accessories Personal Care & Beauty Essential Oil Diffusers & Oils Hair Care Massagers & Spa Oral Care Shavers, Trimmers & Groomers Skin Care Light Therapy Shop All Personal Care & Beauty Services & Support Wearable Technology Services Deals & Outlet Personal Care & Beauty Deals Health Fitness & Beauty Open-Box Personal Care & Beauty Clearance Close Home, Garage & Office Home, Garage & Office Home Appliances Furniture & Decor Household Essentials Networking & Wireless Outdoor Living Pet Supplies & Technology Security Cameras & Surveillance Vacuum Cleaners & Floor Care Garage Autonomous Lawn Care Batteries & Power Garage Door Openers Garage Storage & Organization Sprinkler & Irrigation Controls Tool Chests & Parts Racks Workbenches & Stools Shop All Garage Office Printers, Ink & Toner Scanners, Faxes & Copiers Telephones & Communication Office Furniture Projectors & Screens Business Software Shop All Office Electronics Services & Support Smart Home Services TV & Internet Service Providers Deals & Outlet Office Open-Box Office Refurbished Close Smart Home Smart Home Home Security & Surveillance Security Cameras & Surveillance Wireless Doorbell Cameras Motion Sensors & Detectors Smoke & Carbon Monoxide Detectors Home Automation Systems & Kits Baby Monitors Pet Supplies & Technology Comfort & Control Voice Assistants Smart Lighting Smart Switches & Outlets Smart & Wi-Fi Thermostats Smart Locks & Garage Control Sprinkler & Irrigation Control Shop by Compatibility Find Your Smart Home Solution Not sure what's right for you? We can help. Apple HomeKit Amazon Alexa Google Assistant Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Related Categories Networking & Wireless Smart Kitchen Appliances Smart Nursery Streaming Media Players Wireless & Multiroom Audio Shop by Brand Arlo Google Home Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Close Drones, Toys & Collectibles Drones, Toys & Collectibles Drones & Accessories Drones with Cameras Toy Drones Drone Accessories Shop All Drones & Accessories Rideables Self-Balancing Scooters Skateboards & Longboards Shop All Rideables Toys STEM & Educational Toys Dolls Action Figures Building Sets & Blocks App-Enabled & Remote Control Toys Sports & Outdoor Play Kids' Electronics Interactive Pets Shop All Toys Licensed Collectibles Statue Collectibles Stuffed Animals & Plush Collectibles Licensed Electronics Shop All Licensed Collectibles Games, Puzzles & Cards Board Games Puzzles Cards, Poker & Casino Games Shop All Games Gifts Birthday Gifts Gifts for Kids Gifts for Teens Shop All Gifts Deals & Outlet Drones, Toys & Collectibles Deals Drones, Toys & Collectibles Clearance Education Solutions & Resources Close Best Buy Outlet Close PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE FREE STORE PICKUP FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP Brands Brand Shops Apple Samsung Sony Microsoft Intel Shop all brands Specialty Shops Magnolia Home Theater Online or in-store, we'll help you create the ultimate home entertainment experience. Pacific Kitchen & Home Premium appliance brands and expert service available inside select Best Buy stores. Camera Experience Shop Shop a wider selection, talk to a camera expert and try before you buy at select Best Buy stores. Close PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE FREE STORE PICKUP FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP Deals Hottest Deals Great deals happening right now. Weekly Ad This week's best deals, all in one place. Deal of the Day A great deal, today only. Member Offers Deals designed especially for you. Best Buy Outlet Clearance, open-box, refurbished and pre-owned. Student Hub Student Deals & Back to School Deals by Category TV & Home Theater Computers Home Audio Tablets & E-Readers Video Games Wearable Technology Cell Phones iPod & MP3 Players Cameras & Camcorders Appliances Smart Home Drones & Toys Car Electronics & GPS Movies & Music Close PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE FREE STORE PICKUP FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP Services Geek Squad Support Tech Help & Inspiration Track Your Repair Chat with a Geek Squad Agent Schedule a Service Geek Squad 24/7 Support Geek Squad Plans & Services Protection Plans Computer & Tablet Services TV & Home Theater Services Car Electronics Professional Install Appliance Services Smart Home Services Camera & Camcorder Services Cell Phone Services Wearable Technology Services See All Geek Squad Services Additional Services Find Replacement Parts Trade-In Program Recycle Your Old Products Customer Service AppleCare AppleCare Protection & AppleCare+ Close PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE FREE STORE PICKUP FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP Weekly Ad Deal of the Day Gift Cards Gift Ideas & Registry Have questions or want advice? Schedule an in-store appointment with an expert.Learn More Best Buy Audio Headphones Wireless Headphones Share Print Apple - AirPods - White Model: MMEF2AM/A SKU: 5577872 4.7 (2,490) Click or tap to enlarge Not On Display at SAN FRANCISCO CA On Display at SAN CARLOS CA and other stores Introducing wireless AirPods. Just take them out and they're ready to use with all your Apple devices¹. Put them in your ears and they connect instantly. Speak into them and your voice sounds clear. Simplicity and technology, together like never before. The result is completely magical. Loading Price Match Guarantee Best Buy is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. We will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a Price Match Guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a Designated Major Online Retailer or at a local retail competitor's store.Here's how: If you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-888-BEST BUY and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price, or when visiting a Best Buy store, one of our employees will assist you. On qualifying products, Best Buy will then verify the current price to complete the price match. Exclusions apply including, but not limited to, Competitors' service prices, special daily or hourly sales, and items for sale Thanksgiving Day through the Monday after Thanksgiving. See the list of Designated Major Online Retailers and full details. $159.99 Add to List Add to List Add to List Item Added.View List Add to List No lists found. Create one today. Create a list Create ListAdd Item Add to Registry Cardmember Offers Get 5% Back in Rewards Complete Your Purchase Item you are currently viewing $159.99 + and Insignia™ - Accessories for Apple AirPods - WhiteSee details $19.99 Price for both items $179.98Loading Offer disclaimer Overview What's Included AirPods Charging case Lightning to USB cable Ratings & Reviews Overall Customer Rating: 4.7 (2490 Reviews) 97% of customers would recommend this product to a friend (2391 out of 2490) See All 2490 Reviews Product Features Designed by Apple Automatically on, automatically connected¹ One-tap setup for all your Apple devices Quick access to Siri with a double tap² More than 24-hour battery life with Charging Case³ Charges quickly in the case Rich, high-quality audio and voice Seamless switching between devices ¹Requires an iCloud account and macOS Sierra, iOS 10, or watchOS 3. ²Siri may not be available in all languages or in all areas, and features may vary by area. Internet access required. Cellular data charges may apply. ³Testing conducted by Apple in August 2016 using preproduction AirPods units and software paired with preproduction iPhone 7 units and software. The playlist consisted of 358 unique audio tracks purchased from the iTunes Store (256-Kbps AAC encoding). Volume was set to 50%. Testing consisted of full AirPods battery discharge while playing audio until the first AirPod stopped playback. The drained AirPods were charged for 30 minutes, then audio playback was continued until the first AirPod stopped playback. This cycle was repeated until both the AirPods and the Charging Case were fully discharged. Battery life depends on device settings, usage, and many other factors. Specifications Ratings & Reviews Overall Customer Rating 4.7 (2556 Reviews) 97% of customers recommend this product.Write a Review Product Features Mentioned In Customer Reviews pros sound quality1090 ease of use456 fit462 battery life436 for iphone219 cons for ambient noise15 controls13 static7 bulky6 5 Surprisingly Amazing Posted by: Brendon from: on Got mine yesterday morning from Apple and they're already my favorite tech product of 2016. Let's start with pairing. These make it dead simple to pair these with all of your devices. Open their case next to your iPhone, click the big "Connect" button that pops up, and you're done. They're now instantly paired to your iPhone, iPad, Mac, or Apple Watch. This means you can easily switch between any of your devices with no problems. Moving from your iPhone to your Mac? Easy, just click the sound icon in the top menu bar and click on the AirPods. You'll hear a little "bonk" to indicate they've switched to your Mac and that's it. It really couldn't be easier. Once you're switched, just listen to your music. The first thing you'll notice is that they sound noticeably better than the regular EarPods do. After that you'll notice that they're also surprisingly snug. I worked out with them, ran with them, etc. No matter how much I moved around these wouldn't come out; they didn't even come loose! This is subjective, but for me they have an excellent fit. If regular EarPods fit your ears, these will fit even better. Moving forward, another thing I love about these is their automatic play/pause feature. Need to listen to someone that's talking to you? Simply take an AirPod out and your music instantly pauses so you can hear them. Put them back in and it instantly resumes. It's simple, but works great and is highly functional. Battery life is lasting around 5 hours for me which is more than enough for my use. The charging case is what really shines here, though. Since they're always in their case – which, might I add, is incredibly tiny (I've added a picture of them next to my chapstick, for scale) and easily fits in even the smallest of pockets – when they're not in use they're always topped up to 100%, so battery life is almost never an issue. When they do inevitably die, however, you won't be without them for long. That's because they charge insanely fast –– I'm talking 20% to 100% after just 20 minutes in their charging case. Very impressive. Another thing that I'm really loving about these is the connection and lack of latency. They're incredibly reliable and have yet to dropout for me. I can put my iPhone 7 Plus in my room and walk around my house and still hear my music loud and clear from 20+ feet away. I previously was using Jaybird X2's and while those weren't bad, they did dropout numerous times a day (especially with iOS 10). That's not the case with AirPods. Their latency, or lack thereof, is something I never thought I'd see with bluetooth headphones. With my Jaybirds there was always a slight delay between when I'd do things on my iPhone and when I'd hear the sound in my X2's. For example, I'd click the play button on my phone and about second later I'd hear music. Same with pausing, fast forwarding, etc. Somehow, the AirPods don't have that delay. You click Play and instantly hear your music, no delay whatsoever. I've tested out numerous bluetooth headphones and none can match the AirPods in this regard. Now, let's talk about the microphones. They have absolutely blown me away in how well they work. FaceTime Audio calls are extremely clear and the microphones in each AirPod do an incredible job at cancelling out background noise. In fact, they worked so well that the person on the other line couldn't even tell I wasn't talking directly on my iPhone or that I was even outside where it was very windy and loud with cars and busses going by. Similarly, double tapping to activate Siri and giving commands through the AirPods works perfectly because of these headphones. Double tapping and saying "Call so and so," or to even just give commands like setting a timer hands-free when you're cooking dinner, worked flawlessly as well. If you've seen it, it's almost like the movie Her –– you've always got that little voice in your ear to do things for you. Unfortunately, Siri cannot be activated by simply saying "Hey Siri," although this is likely done in order to save battery life by not keeping the microphones always-on and listening for an activation phrase. This is a non-issue, though since double tapping to activate Siri (also works with gloves/hats on!) works very reliably and with no delay like there is when activating Siri on other bluetooth headphones. Overall, Apple has done an incredible job with these. It took them a while to get them out – still annoyed they delayed them by two months – but it's clear that they took their time with these in order to make sure they worked flawlessly. If you can manage to grab a pair of these before Christmas these would make for an excellent gift to give to someone (or yourself). I highly recommend these. 483 out of 612 found this review helpful. 5 Skeptic turned LOVER Posted by: JHNYSNZ from: Chicago on Initially I was really debating purchasing this because of how WIRELESS they really are. I was set to get them delivered February 22nd because of the "backorder." So when I got an email telling me they had been delivered I was surprised. I have a iPhone 7 Plus and upon taking the airpod case out of the packaging and just opening the cover, the airpods showed up on my phone and were paired in an instant. which was astounding. after trying them out for a while, here are what i love about them, 1. THEY DONT FALL OUT THAT EASY. - i went for a jog, and they did not budge. they were in my ears the entire time and i didnt even notice them. 2. the case is quick charging and gets the airpods back up and running. 3. DISLIKE that you can only double tap and program it either to Siri, or to play/pause. i wish it had the single double triple tap function that the earpods did. 4. they hold a good charge. i was able to use mine for about 5-6 hours straight without needing to charge them at medium volume with my phone a few feet away. 5. you can single them out. - typically at work ill have an earbud in and the other ear open. these work the same way. you dont need to have both in your ears. and whats great is your phone tells you L and R battery life along with the case battery. 158 out of 198 found this review helpful. 5 Went from skeptical to falling in love with these Posted by: Lamar310 from: on When Apple first introduced these earbuds initially I had no interest in them. I never use the EarPods that come with the iPhone and the one time I did try to use my EarPods...they didn't fit my ears. I tried on a pair AirPods to test them out and they not only fit me but NEVER fell out of my ears. Here's what I like so far and how I use them: 1. Very easy to set up and came with a battery charge of over of 70% so you can use them out the box right away. 2. These are great for working out. I'm able to do sit-ups, arm curls, and jog with these on and they don't move. I'm very surprised by this considering Earbuds don't fit comfortably in my ears at all. 3. These are the best for standing in lines. Right now it's the Christmas season and everywhere I go it's crowded. I use these while waiting in line at the grocery store, the bank, the mall, the post office, and while at the car wash. 4. Battery life is no concern when using these. Since the case is the charger all you need to do is charge the case at night and you'll be able to use the AirPods as much as you like the next day. 5. The sound quality is actually good and clear for music, movies, and calls. I'll be honest...they aren't super loud and I usually crank the volume all the way up or almost near it. They are loud enough to enjoy your music in a noisy environment and they have just enough bass to make my music sound full. These are NOT a replacement for the giant on ear headphones and shouldn't be compared to them...that's another category of headphones. Bottom line...Apple has hit another homerun and I went from doubter to loving these and using them all the time. Going out and to places where I have to stand in line is now an easy task because having the option to hear my music or watch a game on the ESPN app is great with these headphones and makes those lines seem short. I've always hated talking on the phone because smartphone to smartphone calls always sounded low volume and not very clear but these headphones make calls sound great on both ends. These aren't a replacement for my over the ear headphones but they are a better option in public. They seemed expensive at first but I'll be using them daily so I'll get my money's worth. 134 out of 175 found this review helpful. 5 WOW Posted by: jefejefe from: on I own many pairs of headphones both OTA and in-ear. I have the EarPods that came with the iPhone and they're fine. Ok. Nothing to write home about but solid for what comes with the phone. I usually use higher-quality BOSE in-ear headphones and a few other OTA brands depending on what I'm doing. I figured the AirPods would basically be wireless EarPods. They're not - they are MUCH BETTER! The sound quality is very good to excellent. You get a really nice low end and noticeable high end. The quality is certainly there for the $159 price tag and they pair to any bluetooth device (including Android and Kindle). When pairing to a new iPhone 7 or pretty much any other apple device it is seamless. You're listening in seconds. Really happy with these! 71 out of 94 found this review helpful. 5 Excellent Product well worth $159 Posted by: tmybrgr from: on The airpods are Excellent truly wireless BT earpods. The pairing process is completely seamless to other Apple products I was using them in less than a minute. That is typical Apple and Apple at its best. They also switch between Apple products seamlessly. Audio: Surprisingly it is excellent. It is not the best compared to wired but it is top notch for BT and that is good enough given that these are really for portability. Auto-Pause: At first this might seem gimmicky but it is really a time saver to auto-pause when you remove one of the airpods. Excellent feature that again is classic Apple Fit/Build: The build quality, feel is top notch. They feel solid, the case is solid and small. The magnetic pull when placing them into the case and closing it just feels great. It adds polish to the product overall. Overall Earpods don't fit my ears and the Airpods fit perfectly they are ever so slightly contoured differently so if you have issues with Earpods try these they may work. They are very light and don't feel like their in your ear. Downsides: Volume control missing from the airpod itself (via touch) is a glaring oversight that mars the experience a bit. Siri (via doubletap) is delayed ever so slightly enough to be annoying (as Siri typically is in general) so it seems clunky. Overall for a version 1 product these are exceptional. They are well worth $159 and are really Apple at its best. Finally a product this year that lives up to the Apple standard. I highly recommend these. 65 out of 90 found this review helpful. 4 Love this Posted by: Wylmuch from: on Air pods are amazing. The sound is crisp and clear. The mic on the AirPods is top notch. All of my calls so far have been excellent. I do have 2 issues though. 1. I wish there were a way to adjust your volume. 2. They are too big for my small ears. I purchased some ear clips on Amazon, and now I wear them constantly, and they never fall out. 10 out of 10 found this review helpful. 3 HANDS DOWN... SOUNDS GREAT!! Posted by: Tomlinjr from: on I purchased these to replace my power beats. Sound is excellent!! Work great at the office. Love how music stops and resumes when removed from one ear or back in, Talking on the phone is very clear. No issues there. Working out with them... sucked! they move a little while laying on a bench they pause. Had one fall out. ( I disabled the pausing function and bought EARHOOKS) after making those adjustments, they are really awesome. They stay in and have no issues with loosing connection. Now here is another issue. volume! you can use siri but thats a pain in the butt. or you have to lower from your phone which is not convenient . Would love for a touch slide your finger volume adjustment on the ear piece. 22 out of 28 found this review helpful. 5 Magic in your ears Posted by: bigraytk from: Honolulu, Hi on All I have to say is wow! I have never worn earbuds that I cant tell are even on. Like everyone said the easiest pairing experience I've ever had. On my workouts they worked perfectly. I never felt like they would fall. Goodbye Jabra Elite Sport, Bragi Dash, Amps Air.... This experience is like no other. 42 out of 59 found this review helpful. 5 WOW! Posted by: AntsRants from: on So, I was trying out the Beats X and they were pretty great. Great sound and noise isolation but, I was still curious about the AirPods. Read a ton of reviews to compare the 2 and mostly the Beats X were the better review. Plus, my ears were never good for fitting the standard ear buds as they would always fall out. Well, I just received the Airpods today and the Beats X are going back. The connection was seamless, as was with the Beats X but the pure wireless connection is mazing and they fit so much better than the standard ear buds. Charging case is great and so convenient, sound quality is really good but not of the noise isolation variety. These are great and a must buy if you're in the market. Also note that there are no controls for volume, etc... (has to be done via Siri or on the phone but, if you have an Apple Watch, you can just control everything from there. 15 out of 23 found this review helpful. 5 Best Wireless Earphones Posted by: MikeM from: on Hands down best earphones. I've tried others but these are best. I run and exercise and hate to have a cord or something around my neck. Plus these connect so well to any device. They stay in my ears and sound quality is top notch !! Plus it connects to watch so I can leave phone at home. Finally, apple has made a wireless set of headphones worth buying that lives up to the hype and well worth the price. Other brands are more expensive and yes I've tried some and these and far superior. You won't be disappointed !! 11 out of 16 found this review helpful. 2345257 Accessories Product images, including color, may differ from actual product appearance. GET THE LATEST DEALS & MOREBEST BUY APPLearn more › My Best Buy › View Points & Certificates Learn More Member Offers Sign in or Create Account Credit Cards › Make Payment/Check Balance Credit Card Offers Apply Now Orders & Returns › Order Status Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup Return & Exchange Promise Price Match Guarantee Pay With Points More Orders & Returns Help Support & Services › Customer Service Protection Plans Schedule a Service Trade-In Program Product Recalls More Support & Services Corporate Information Forums, Blog & More Careers Partnerships Conditions of Use Privacy Interest-Based Ads California Privacy Rights CA Supply Chain Transparency Act Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Mobile Site Give Feedback Prices and offers are subject to change. © 2017 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, MY BEST BUY, and BESTBUY.COM are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.
