Avante Queen Sleeper | Crate and Barrel   Stores CB2 The Land of Nod Ship To United States Your Account Order Tracking Sign In Overview Favorites Gift Registry Order Tracking Sign Out Search Search New 4th of July Rooms We Love Gifts B2B Blog Ideas & Advice 0 Cart 0 items   Checkout Furniture Furniture Living Room Furniture Living Room Collections Sofas Sleeper Sofas Sectional Sofas Chairs Chaises Ottomans & Cubes Benches Accent Tables TV Stands & Media Consoles Storage Cabinets Modular Storage Bar Cabinets & Bar Carts Dining & Kitchen Furniture Dining Room Collections Dining Tables Dining Chairs Bar Stools Chair Cushions Dining Benches Buffets & Sideboards Kitchen Islands & Carts Outdoor Furniture Furniture Care Products Kids Furniture Bedroom Furniture Bedroom Collections Beds & Headboards Mattresses & Box Springs Nightstands Dressers & Chests Armoires Bedroom Benches Mirrors Bathroom Furniture Home Office Furniture Desks Office Chairs Bookcases Filing Cabinets & Credenzas Modular Home Office Entryway Furniture Chests & Cabinets Entryway Tables Entryway Benches Coat Racks Shelves & Shelving Top Rated Furniture New Additions Shop Now Ideas and Advice Custom Upholstery Petite Space Savers How to Choose a Sofa Outdoor Outdoor Outdoor Furniture Collections Outdoor Furniture by Type Dining Furniture Lounge Furniture Furniture Cushions Furniture Covers Furniture Cleaners Patio Umbrellas Outdoor Sectionals Outdoor Furniture by Material Metal Wood Resin Wicker Outdoor Entertaining Outdoor Tabletop Barbecue & Grilling Picnic & Beach Outdoor Accessories Planters & Gardening Pillows & Poufs Lighting Decor Rugs Top Rated Outdoor Make a Splash Shop Poolside Essentials Ideas and Advice Create an Outdoor Room Backyard Inspiration How to Host an Outdoor Party Tabletop & Bar Tabletop & Bar Dinnerware Dinnerware Collections Dinner Plates Salad Plates Individual Bowls Coffee Mugs & Tea Cups Appetizer & Dessert Plates Buffet & Charger Plates Melamine Dishes Flatware Flatware Patterns Serving Pieces Steak Knives Drinkware Drinkware Collections Wine Glasses Champagne Flutes Drinking Glasses Barware & Cocktail Beer Glasses Martini Glasses Margarita Glasses Cordial & Shot Glasses Acrylic Glasses Bar Accessories Wine Accessories Coffee Mugs & Tea Cups Serveware Serving Platters Serving Bowls Decanters & Carafes Pitchers & Drink Dispensers Serving Baskets Cheese Boards & Knives Serving Trays Casseroles Chip & Dips Gravy Boats Teapots Specialty Serveware Table Linens Placemats Tablecloths Napkins Table Runners Napkin Rings Place Card Holders Picnic & Beach Dining Furniture Top Rated Tabletop & Bar Wine and Cheese Night Shop Now Ideas and Advice New Way to Use Color Small Plates and Wine Night Dinnerware Buying Guide Kitchen Kitchen Shop by Brand Cookware & Bakeware Cookware Brands Cookware Sets Individual Cookware Enamel Cookware Bakeware Griddles & Grill Pans Roasters & Lasagna Pans Dutch Ovens Woks Pizza Pans Specialty Cookware Pot Racks Cutlery Cutlery Brands Knife Sets Open Stock Knives Steak Knives Knife Sharpeners Knife Storage Coffee & Tea Coffee Makers Pour Over & French Press Espresso Makers Teapots & Teakettles Coffee & Tea Accessories Coffee Mugs & Teacups Kitchen Accessories Baking Utensils Cooking Utensils Prep Utensils & Gadgets Mixing Bowls Cutting Boards Thermometers & Timers Food Storage Salt & Pepper Cookbooks Colanders & Salad Spinners Trash Cans Utility & Kitchen Helpers Appliances & Electrics Electrics Brands Juicers Blenders Food Processors Mixers Toasters & Toaster Ovens Slow Cookers Specialty Appliances Kitchen Linens Grilling Kitchen Styles Top Rated Kitchen Make It Bright & Fresh Shop Now Ideas and Advice Spiralizer Ideas Must-Have Kitchen Gadgets Kitchen Inspiration Gallery Decor Decor Pillows & Throws Decorative Pillows Outdoor Pillows Poufs Pillow Inserts Throws Curtains & Hardware Curtains Curtain Hardware Candle Holders & Vases Candle Holders Lanterns Candles Vases Wall Decor & Mirrors Mirrors Prints Original Art Wall Art Clocks Picture Frames Display Shelves & Picture Ledges Music Capitol Records® Vinyl Albums Music Accessories Home Accessories Baskets Botanicals & Plants Sculpture Centerpiece Bowls Trays & Platters Fireplace Accessories Games Home Accents Paint Top Rated Decor Color Refresh Shop Pillows Ideas and Advice The Listening Room Decorating with Wall Art Rooms We Love Rugs Rugs Rug Gallery Area Rugs Outdoor Rugs Kitchen & Entryway Rugs Runner Rugs Bath Rugs Door Mats Rug Pads Top Rated Rugs Show your floor some love Shop Natural Fiber Rugs Ideas and Advice The Rug Guide How to Choose Curtains How to Hang Curtains Lighting Lighting Table & Desk Lamps Floor Lamps Pendant Lighting Sconces Light Bulbs Outdoor Lighting Top Rated Lighting A Warm Glow Shop Table Lamps Ideas and Advice Lighting Under $199 Create Dramatic Lighting Choosing Kitchen Lighting Bed & Bath Bed & Bath Bedding All Bedding Duvet Covers & Inserts Quilts & Coverlets Blankets Sheets Bedding Essentials Bedroom Furniture Bathroom Furniture Bath Bath Styles Bath Towels Bath Rugs Bath Accessories Bath Storage Shower Curtains & Rings Bath Mirrors Laundry Vacuums Kids Bedding & Bath Top Rated Bed & Bath Your Retreat is Here Shop Now Ideas and Advice Bath Essentials Bathroom Storage Ideas Bathroom Inspiration Gallery Sale Sale Limited Time Offers 40% off Select Outdoor Entertaining Up to 50% off Outdoor Furniture 30% off Select Outdoor Rugs Special Offers & Rebates Kitchen Electrics Offers Cookware Offers Cutlery Offers Clearance & Outlet New Clearance Clearance Outdoor Clearance Tabletop & Bar Clearance Kitchen Clearance Decor Clearance Bed & Bath Clearance Rugs & Curtains Clearance Furniture Christmas Clearance All Free Shipping Wedding Registry Give a Gift Give a Gift Find a Registry Manage My Registry Sign In to Registry Registry Benefits Registry Bonus Gifts Registry Checklist Create a Registry Start a Registry Now Top 6 Reasons to Register Private Registry Events Registry FAQs Now up to 50% off Outdoor. Includes outdoor cushions and pillows, umbrella covers, frames and stands. Exclusions apply. See details Now up to 50% off Outdoor. Includes outdoor cushions and pillows, umbrella covers, frames and stands. Exclusions apply. See details Now up to 50% off Outdoor. Includes outdoor cushions and pillows, umbrella covers, frames and stands. Exclusions apply. See details Now up to 50% off Outdoor. Includes outdoor cushions and pillows, umbrella covers, frames and stands. Exclusions apply. See details Home>Furniture>Living Room Furniture>Sofas>Avante Queen Sleeper   Prices and availability are subject to change from the time and date that you print this page. 6/23/2017 12:38:22 PM For Customer Service, please call 800.967.6696 Avante Queen Sleeper $2,899.00 This item is made to order. Please allow extra production time. Change zip code. Change Zip Code Check ZIP code Close SKU: 406769 First, the good news: You can order this item for international delivery. However, due to size restrictions it is not eligible for automatic online International Checkout with our global partner Borderfree. To order this item, please call (00+1) 630.369.4464, fax (00+1) 630-527-1448 or use our oversized item International Quote. Note: The price for this item is estimated in your local currency at the current exchange rate at the time your order is placed. Delivery charges, duties, taxes, broker fees and handling charges are incremental and the final Total is subject to change based on your Postal Code and final shipping destination. Your final quote will be in US Dollars. Drag fabrics here to save. Order Free Swatches Quantity Add to Cart Add to Registry Add to Favorites Fabric: Legacy, Graphite Leg: Smoke Enlarge product image size. Reduce product image size. Pin It Houzz Jump to Product Description Jump to Dimensions Jump to Comfort Jump to Reviews Product Description Big and bold, Avante exaggerates the classic sofa in a full-bodied design that invites you to unwind in a modern living space or family room. Anchored by an oversized frame and block arms, this cozy, statement-making sofa sits deep and low but always neat. Seat pulls out to a queen-sized bed with a deluxe innerspring mattress. Benchmade with kiln-dried engineered hardwood Rubber webbing suspension High-density, soy-based polyfoam seat cushions wrapped in polyfiber and encased in downproof ticking Back cushions are polyfiber wrapped in downproof ticking Solid maple legs with dark grey finish Self-welt detailing 5½" deluxe Kingsdown mattress with inner roll construction Mattress is mildew-resistant, and allergy- and odor-free Made in North Carolina, USA of domestic and imported materials Print this Page Email a link to this page to someone Find it on Display Crate Design Studio Make a Reservation See the Entire Collection Unlimited Furniture Delivery for One Flat Fee For one low flat fee per trip, we will deliver every piece of furniture in your order regardless of the number of items. Learn more about our delivery fees Earn $280.00 in reward dollars1 on this purchase when you use your Crate and Barrel Credit Card. Learn more about our rewards program Dimensions Will it fit in your space? Dimensions for Avante Queen Sleeper Opened Width: 90.25" Depth: 89" Height: 32" Overall Dimensions Width: 90.25" Depth: 39" Height: 32" Arm Width: 9.75" Depth: 31.25" Height: 25" Opened (Sleeper, Recliner) Width: 90.25" Depth: 89" Height: 33" Seat Width: 68.5" Depth: 21.5" Height: 19" Front & Back Legs Width: 9.5" Depth: 9.5" Height: 2" Comfort How does it sit? Part of a Collection More options to choose from: Avante Sofa $2,499.00 Add to Cart Avante Chair $1,699.00 Add to Cart Our Designers Recommend Complete the look. Patina Bronze Drum Table $249.00 Add to Cart Tourney Square Coffee Table $899.00 Add to Cart Colby Gunmetal Wall Mirror $199.00 Add to Cart Pilsen Brass Bookcase $699.00 Add to Cart Juno Grey Wool Rug $499.00 - $1,399.00 View Products Fawn Print $800.00 Add to Cart Riston Floor Lamp $499.00 Add to Cart District Wall Art $449.00 Add to Cart Pelliccia Ivory 23" Pillow $189.00 each View Products Reviews Read what people are saying. Our reviews are verified for authenticity. Learn More. Write a Review Most Recent Most Helpful Highest Rated Lowest Rated Read More Reviews Return/Exchange Policy What you need to know. At Crate and Barrel, we take great pride in the quality and craftsmanship of our furniture and rugs. Attention to detail in design, materials and construction is always at the forefront. We encourage you to inspect the item upon receipt. If you have a concern or believe there is a quality issue, we will work with you to correct it, in accordance with the policy below. For furniture and rug orders placed online, please call us at 800.606.6462. For orders placed through a store, please contact the store where the sale originated. View Our Return Policy Stock Furniture, Rugs and Rug Pads Payment is required in full for in-stock items. For out-of-stock items, we require a 50% deposit to reserve incoming stock and full payment of the balance prior to scheduling delivery (or pickup of eligible items). You may cancel your Stock order at any time prior to delivery or pickup for a full refund. If you are not satisfied with your Stock furniture, rug or rug pad purchase upon receipt, you must contact us within 7 days of your delivery or pickup to arrange a return. The item must be returned within 30 days of delivery or pickup. All items will be inspected upon return. A restocking fee will apply, starting at 25% of the purchase price, for any items not returned in good condition or outside the stated time frame. Proof of purchase is required to issue an appropriate exchange, credit or refund, as well as any taxes due to be refunded in accordance with applicable state law. Refunds will be issued in the Original Form of Tender (cash refunds are limited to $100 in store with any balance refunded as a check by mail). For your convenience, we will accept the following as proof of your purchase: Original Paper Receipt Gift Receipt eReceipt Original Packing Slip Gift Packing Slip Order Number Gift Registry Number We can also verify proof of purchase by looking up your original receipt using your Crate and Barrel Credit Card or major credit card used at the time of purchase, or the email address used to receive an eReceipt. Additional Colors and Frames, Custom Furniture, and Custom Rugs These special-order items are made to your individual specifications; therefore, we cannot accept returns or exchanges. Additional Colors and Frames, plus Custom fabrics and select leg finish and cushion options, can be purchased at stores and online; visit a store for all Custom fabric, finish, cushion and detail options (prices vary based on selection). We require a 50% deposit for all Additional Color, Additional Frame and Custom order merchandise. The balance must be paid in full prior to scheduling delivery (or pickup of eligible items). Once you place your order for Additional Color, Additional Frame or Custom merchandise, you have 72 hours to change or cancel. After 72 hours, your 50% deposit is nonrefundable. The 72-hour time frame begins as soon as you place your order and confirm your fabric selection in a store or online. For Additional Color, Additional Frame and Custom orders canceled within 72 hours, an appropriate exchange, credit or refund will be issued, as well as any taxes due to be refunded in accordance with applicable state law. Refunds will be issued in the Original Form of Tender (cash refunds are limited to $100 in store with any balance refunded as a check by mail). If an Additional Color, Additional Frame or Custom item arrives with a manufacturing defect or damage caused during transit, we will repair or replace the defective or damaged area. If that is not possible, we will arrange an exchange. We reserve the right to determine the best course of action. More about returns and exchanges Related Searches Reclaimed Pine Furniture Leather Living Room Furniture Feather Down Sofa Antique Wood Furniture Grey Velvet Sofa Brown Leather Sofa (844) 357-6300 Find Your Store Gift Cards Catalogs Your Account Sweepstakes Design Trade Program Email Sign Up Get it first. Sign up now for up-to-the-minute offers, sales and news.Thanks. Get it first. Sign up now for up-to-the-minute offers, sales and news.Thanks. Get it first. Sign up now for up-to-the-minute offers, sales and news.Thanks. Get it first. Sign up now for up-to-the-minute offers, sales and news.Thanks. Thanks. Nice to see you again.You’re already on our email list, so you’ll continue to hear first about our new products and special offers. Customer Service Order Tracking Shipping/Delivery Returns/Exchanges Social Responsibility About Us Careers Business Sales Safety Recall Crate and Barrel Credit Card Manage Your Account Contact Us Feedback Facebook (opens in a new window) Twitter (opens in a new window) Pinterest (opens in a new window) Google Plus (opens in a new window) Instagram (opens in a new window) Houzz (opens in a new window) Youtube (opens in a new window) Wanelo (opens in a new window) Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Index Ad Choices Co-Browse ©2017 Crate and Barrel. All Rights Reserved. Crate and Barrel on Facebook We're here to help 24/7 Customer Service (800) 967-6696 Back to Top
