Rickenbacker 4003 Bass | Musician's Friend { "siteName" : "/mf", "sourceCodeId" : "4216374714", "sourceName" : "3SOSWXXA", "sourceSegment" : "OrgSearch", "profileZipcode" : "", "profileStoreId" : "", "profileStoreName" : "", "contextPath" : "", "unicaEnv" : "site-prod", "staticContentUrl" : "http://static.musiciansfriend.com", "styleStaticContentUrl" : "http://static.musiciansfriend.com", "catalogAssetStaticContentUrl" : "http://static.musiciansfriend.com", "scene7StaticContentUrl" : "http://media.musiciansfriend.com/is/image/", "scene7BasePath" : "MMGS7/", "staticVersion" : "ecom-2.8.0f&cb=2", "versionParam" : "?vId=ecom-2.8.0f&cb=2", "customerService" : "877-880-5907", "profileID" : "4890314760", "contentKey": "site1prod513600", "isInternational": "false", "isWarrantyShippable": "true", "isInternationalCommerceEnabled": "true", "currencySymbol": "$", "profileCountryCode": "US", "profileCurrencyCode": "USD", "oLOnExitNumber": "0", "liveChat" : "true", "cookieLoggedIn" : false, "richRelevanceMode":"render", "richRelevanceApiKey":"46baeda9936d6a41", "richRelevanceUserId":"", "richRelevanceSessionId":"848ebca5c135e56c6da4505cd6fc970a", "rrBaseUrl":"//recs.richrelevance.com/rrserver/", "rrChannelId":"-", "rrMobileChannelId":"c6e0f249ecc40744", "hashedUserIdForCriteo":"", "rrTimeout":"10000", "isEducatorAccount": "false", "sessionIsDC": "false", "fullyLoggedIn" : false, "welcomeMat" : "false", "powerReviewsUrl" : "http://static.musiciansfriend.com/", "deviceType" : "d", "prodEnvEnabled" : true, "isMobile":"false", "madMobileEnabled" : false, "rrLoadAtgRecs":"true", "janrainAppDomain":"https://login.musiciansfriend.com", "janrainAppId":"fpcfgdnipomgblmndfod", "janrainAppName":"login.musiciansfriend.com", "JSESSIONID":"aAIwKEYvM0MJYcSiD6QZhAWt.atg27" , "loyaltyName":"backstagepass", "showLoyalty":"true", "loyaltyUser":"", "loyaltyPoints":"" } site1prod513600 513600 Rickenbacker 4003 Bass Save up to 20% off with code: SANDYCLAUS > Shop Now true Musician's Friend Best Selection, Price & Service. Guaranteed. Looking for Coupons?Call us 877-880-5907 Hablamos Español   Search Platinum CardBackstage PassOrder StatusHelp Shop by Category Guitars Bass Guitars Ukuleles, Mandolins & Banjos Amplifiers & Effects Drums & Percussion Band & Orchestral Instruments Accessories Keyboards & MIDI Live Sound Recording Lighting & Stage Effects DJ Gear Microphones & Wireless Software & Downloads Books, Sheet Music & Media Apparel & Collectibles Classroom Instruments Private Reserve Guitars Apple/iOS Store Open Box Gear Hot Deals All On Sale Stupid Deal Open Box Gear Clearance Restocks/Refurbished Guitars Bass Guitars Ukuleles, Mandolins & Banjos Amplifiers & Effects Drums & Percussion Band & Orchestral Instruments Accessories Keyboards & MIDI Live Sound Recording Lighting & Stage Effects iOS Devices Stupid Deal Cart Thu, 27 Jul 2017 00:27:33 GMT You have no items in your cart. 0 Sign in Your Account Your Profile Your Orders Your Wish List Help Sign In New Customer? Create an Account 8% Back in Rewards Join Now For Free Alerts Print Home Bass Electric Bass 4 String Electric Bass true Spin tier2 10% Off With Coupon Code: SANDYCLAUS true MMGS7/513600000204000_MEDIA_SET false Share Product 513600 BAJ Rickenbacker 4003 Bass  Mapleglo  5.0 296 Reviews Write a Review The Rickenbacker 4003 Bass is famous for its ringing sustain, treble punch, and solid underlying bottom end. It's also famous for its distinctive, el...Click To Read More About This Product CHOOSE STYLE: Please choose another style Please Select a Style...   Mapleglo Save 15% when you use code in cart: SANDYCLAUS In stock { "name": "Mapleglo", "status": "instock", "msrp": 2159.0, "promos":[ "freeShipping", "topRated", "topSeller", "flexibleFinancing", "international" ], "sku": "site1sku513600000204000", "displaySku": "513600000204000", "serialized": false, "stickerDisplayText":"Save 15% when you use code in cart: SANDYCLAUS", "condition": "New", "scene7SetID": "MMGS7/513600000204000_MEDIA_SET" } Fireglo 10% Off With Code In stock { "name": "Fireglo", "status": "instock", "msrp": 2159.0, "promos":[ "freeShipping", "topRated", "topSeller", "flexibleFinancing", "international" ], "sku": "site1sku513600000078000", "displaySku": "513600000078000", "serialized": false, "stickerDisplayText":"10% Off With Code", "condition": "New", "scene7SetID": "MMGS7/513600000078000_MEDIA_SET" } Jetglo 10% Off With Code In stock { "name": "Jetglo", "status": "instock", "msrp": 2159.0, "promos":[ "freeShipping", "topRated", "topSeller", "flexibleFinancing", "international" ], "sku": "site1sku513600000084000", "displaySku": "513600000084000", "serialized": false, "stickerDisplayText":"10% Off With Code", "condition": "New", "scene7SetID": "MMGS7/513600000084000_MEDIA_SET" } Midnight Blue 10% Off With Code In stock { "name": "Midnight Blue", "status": "instock", "msrp": 2159.0, "promos":[ "freeShipping", "topRated", "topSeller", "flexibleFinancing", "international" ], "sku": "site1sku513600000089000", "displaySku": "513600000089000", "serialized": false, "stickerDisplayText":"10% Off With Code", "condition": "New", "scene7SetID": "MMGS7/513600000089000_MEDIA_SET" } Email My Price Add to Wishlist This item is a Restock Email for Price:  The manufacturer of this product has asked us not to publish our current selling price. Please email our customer service team for the guaranteed lowest price on this item. Add to Wish List Earn up to 15,040 reward points. Join our free rewards program 99 6-Month* financing available. Special Financing Offer Musician's Friend Platinum Card 6-Month* financing available. Get DetailsAbout Special Financing Offers Open Box  from  $1,471.99 See All Rickenbacker 4 String Electric Bass Free Shipping Top Rated Top Seller Flexible Financing Ships Internationally Don't Forget D'Addario EXL170TP Round Wound Bass Guitar Strings 2-Pack 4.5 (53 Reviews) $25.36 TC Electronic Polytune 2 Pedal Tuner 4.5 (73 Reviews) $99.99 Ultimate Support GS-100 Genesis Single Guitar Stand 4.5 (103 Reviews) $29.99 Korg Pitchblack Mini Limited Edition Pedal Tuner 4.0 (1 Reviews) $69.99 Musician's Gear Deluxe A-Frame Electric Guitar and Bass Stan... 4.0 (19 Reviews) $19.99 Mogami Silver Series 1/4" Straight Instrument Cable 4.5 (80 Reviews) Starting at $16.95 DR Strings Hi Beams Medium 4 String Bass Strings 4.5 (32 Reviews) $17.50 Ernie Ball 2" Poly Pro Strap 4.5 (350 Reviews) Starting at $5.55 Levy's Soft Suede Guitar Strap 4.5 (153 Reviews) Starting at $44.91 Rickenbacker 4003 Bass OVERVIEW A classic bass with a striking design and a myriad of unique features. Videos 4003 Bass Regular Jetglo The Rickenbacker 4003 Bass is famous for its ringing sustain, treble punch, and solid underlying bottom end. It's also famous for its distinctive, elegantly curved body shape, accentuated by a subtle strip of binding, deluxe triangular fretboard inlays, stereo output, neck-thru-body construction, double truss rods, and high output single-coil pickups with wide response range and brilliant clarity. The Vintage Tone Selector activates a capacitor in the treble pickup circuit to emphasize the high end. Pressed in, you get the familiar 4003 sound, pull it out to add bite and crispness. Includes case. FEATURES Elegantly curved body shape Stereo output Neck-thru-body construction Double truss rods High-output single-coil pickups Vintage Tone Selector boosts high-end Deluxe triangular fret inlays Schaller Deluxe machine heads Includes case Every collection deserves a Rickenbacker. Order yours today. Warranty Musician's Friend Gold Coverage Gold Coverage goes above and beyond the manufacturer's warranty to protect your gear from unexpected breakdowns, accidental damage from handling and failures. This plan covers your product for one, two, three or up to five years from your date of purchase, costs just pennies per day and gives you a complete "no-worry" solution for protecting your investment. Gold Coverage Includes: Unexpected and unintentional spills, drops and cracks Normal wear and tear Power surges Dust, internal heat and humidity Other plan features include: For products over $200, No Lemon Policy applies. If it fails for the same defect 3 times, it is replaced on the 4th breakdown. (Does not apply to failures due to drops, spills, and cracks) For products under $200 experiencing the above failures, a Musician's Friend gift card will be issued for the full price of the product + tax. Shipping fees covered if required for repair or replacement Plans are transferable in the event merchandise is sold Plans are renewable on new gear *Limitations and exclusions apply. See terms and conditions for program details Term for New Gear begins on date of purchase but does not replace the store return policy or manufacturer coverage. Reviews /pdp/reviews/productReviews.jsp Reviews Loading.... Write a Review Review Snapshotby PowerReviews Rickenbacker4003 Bass  4.8 (based on 296 reviews) Ratings Distribution 5 Stars   (260) 4 Stars   (22) 3 Stars   (9) 2 Stars   (2) 1 Stars   (3) 94% of respondents would recommend this to a friend. Ratings Distribution 5 Stars   (260) 4 Stars   (22) 3 Stars   (9) 2 Stars   (2) 1 Stars   (3) Pros Good tone (54) Fun to play (51) Good feel (47) Good pick up (42) Solid electronics (39) Cons Craftsmanship (5) Fret buzz (4) Best Uses Recording (49) Jamming (47) Practicing (47) Rock concerts (40) Small venues (34) Reviewer Profile: Experienced (42), Professional musician (18), Novice (3) Write a Review Most Liked Positive Review   Amazing Bass I've had this bass for about a month now, and it's one of the best basses I have played. It sound amazing, the neck feels great, and it just looks amazing! I...Read complete review I've had this bass for about a month now, and it's one of the best basses I have played. It sound amazing, the neck feels great, and it just looks amazing! I got mine in Fireglo and the finish on it is nearly perfect. I always get complements about the tone. The only downside to this bass is that since it doesn't have any contouring on the front, so it starts to feel uncomfortable on my arm, but that's with other basses, too, so its not that big of a problem. Overall this is a great purchase and is worth every penny. VS Most Liked Negative Review   It's a Rick, no doubt, but over-valued. I own two 4003's, one a 1999, and the other, a 2009. Both sound great, and have the unmistakeable Rickebacker tone. The 1999 model is a bit more authentic in appearance...Read complete review I own two 4003's, one a 1999, and the other, a 2009. Both sound great, and have the unmistakeable Rickebacker tone. The 1999 model is a bit more authentic in appearance and sound, however, but the 2009 is a little hotter, and has a slightly more slender neck. Both have some build-quality issues. Both suffer from occassional static, and jack connection problems, as well as pickup switch issues (I soldered both of mine to center the switch on both to eliminate this). The Rick logo on 1999 was bowed from factory, and the 2009 has a defective bridge. The 1999 aged fast, which looks ok, but the finish can't deal with the rigors of gigging for more than 10 years. The 2009 looks to have some corner-cutting, very noticeably in the inlays that now go to the edge of the fret-board, possibly because they're easier to seamlessly cut. I'll be honest in that I would not buy a Rickenbacker 4003 for safe-keeping or as a collector's item. Both of mine feel very cheaply produced, or with lack of QA and craftsmanship. I believe the only redeeming quality standard is in the neck and how well it maintains shape for the life of the bass, how light they are, and how well they maintain tone. Otherwise, they're quite over-priced in my opinion, and the ONLY reason I would buy another is to ensure I keep the tone that I use. Rickenbacker is still resting on its laurels, and don't seem concerned enough with quality of the instrument vs. price. Reviewed by 296 customers Sort byNewestOldestHighest ratingLowest ratingMost helpfulLeast helpful Clear all filters Displaying reviews 1-20 Back to top Previous | Next » 6/19/2014 (20 of 26 customers found this review helpful)  2.0 Two Year Old Bass Sold As New By jim from sonoma About Me Experienced Pros Fun To Play Cons Flat Sound Fret Buzz Neck Wouldnt Adjust Part Of Warrenty Void Was A 2 Year Old Bass Best Uses Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Musicians Friend should CHECK THE Build Date before they sell a two year old bass as new. I was given a small credit for my trouble but the neck on this bass just would not adjust poroperly. I recieved it fully tuned and warped....for over 2 years it sat that way in the box! The serial # is on the OUTSIDE and starts with the build year. CHECK the number in the future. Bottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend (20 of 26 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 8/5/2012 (18 of 27 customers found this review helpful)  2.0 It's a Rick, no doubt, but over-valued. By brconflict from Nashville, TN About Me Professional Musician See all my reviews Ask me a question Pros Good Tone It sounds like a Rick Stylish Cons expensive Low QA Poor Quality Craftsmanship Unreliable Best Uses Practicing Recording Rock Concerts Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: I own two 4003's, one a 1999, and the other, a 2009. Both sound great, and have the unmistakeable Rickebacker tone. The 1999 model is a bit more authentic in appearance and sound, however, but the 2009 is a little hotter, and has a slightly more slender neck. Both have some build-quality issues. Both suffer from occassional static, and jack connection problems, as well as pickup switch issues (I soldered both of mine to center the switch on both to eliminate this). The Rick logo on 1999 was bowed from factory, and the 2009 has a defective bridge. The 1999 aged fast, which looks ok, but the finish can't deal with the rigors of gigging for more than 10 years. The 2009 looks to have some corner-cutting, very noticeably in the inlays that now go to the edge of the fret-board, possibly because they're easier to seamlessly cut. I'll be honest in that I would not buy a Rickenbacker 4003 for safe-keeping or as a collector's item. Both of mine feel very cheaply produced, or with lack of QA and craftsmanship. I believe the only redeeming quality standard is in the neck and how well it maintains shape for the life of the bass, how light they are, and how well they maintain tone. Otherwise, they're quite over-priced in my opinion, and the ONLY reason I would buy another is to ensure I keep the tone that I use. Rickenbacker is still resting on its laurels, and don't seem concerned enough with quality of the instrument vs. price. Bottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend (18 of 27 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 9/25/2014 (12 of 15 customers found this review helpful)  4.0 Great tone, but Uncomfortable By JK from Minnesota About Me Professional Musician See all my reviews Ask me a question Pros Fun To Play Good Tone Love The Tone And Neck Cons Uncomfortable Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Love the tone and neck, I've wanted one since the 70s and finally got one. BUT I understand why they changed the design. This has to be one of the more uncomfortable basses I've ever played regarding the right hand. The edge of the guitar shreds your forearm (especially when you use a pick) and it seems that I'll have to find a comfortable spot to use finger style as there are a lot of edges around the pickups. Even after playing this for a short time I can see that after 4 hours it'll be noticeable. These are gorgeous basses with fantastic neck hand playablity and great tone. But I now equate owning this bass to marrying a sexy and intellegent woman, that is a really bad cook. My hope... the new model 4004 ric cooks. My Fenders all are so comfortable that it could be a factor for some of the shows. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (12 of 15 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 6/7/2015 (10 of 12 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Take it for what it is and you won't be disappointed. By Salicete from Olney, MD About Me Experienced See all my reviews Pros Fun To Play Good Feel Good Tone Cons Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Rickenbacker 4003 bass guitars are different. They have some eccentricities. Know that going in and you won't end up disappointed. Some unique traits include its body shape and weight distribution. The design that makes it so cool and recognizable also make it a bit top heavy and awkward to hold, standing or sitting. It tends to neck dive. It isn't unmanageable, but it does take a bit of getting used to. It does not have an edge contoured body, which seems to bother some players, especially novices, but that is easily overcome by tweaking your plucking arm position. That small shortcoming is what allows for the signature body binding that looks so good. Some folks seem to complain about QC issues, and to be sure, for a bass this price, it should be done right, but every manufacturer makes a dud once in a while. Most reputable retailers will gladly accept returns or exchanges if you are not happy with your gear, Musician's Friend included, so immediately inspect all new gear and return anything that isn't up to your standards, problem solved. I have have owned several Rickenbackers, and not one had a QC issue, or has even needed repair work for that matter, but if you are overly concerned, buy an extended warranty to put your mind at ease. Why a Rick is a Rick, in a good way, is because nothing else feels, plays or sounds quite like a Rickenbacker bass, period. They are punchy, growly and will cut straight through the mix, right out of the box. The Rick-o-Sound stereo output is just plain cool. Personally, I like the feel and the neck. I find them to be smooth and fast, but try one out for yourself; don't just take my word for it. Know these bass guitars for what they were built to be and you will not be disappointed. They weren't made to be like, or as good as any other bass, or to sound like any other bass either. They were and are built to look, feel and sound like no other bass. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (10 of 12 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 8/10/2014 (9 of 10 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Immaculate By twangster from Laurel, Mississippi About Me Experienced See all my reviews Ask me a question Pros Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Cons Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts School Bands Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Build quality is immaculate. Great tone and sustain. Dial in any tone for any type of music I play. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend Images shared by twangster Images shared by twangster (9 of 10 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 5/13/2014 (9 of 9 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Great bass when set up correctly. By Fender Freak from Indiana About Me Professional Musician Pros Fun To Play Good Pick Up Good Tone Cons Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts School Bands Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: I have been playing Fender basses for many years and in the back of my mind I always wanted to have a Rick because of its unique sound. I have to confess; when I first got my Rick I was not impressed. Many people have pointed out that the setup is not always the best from the factory and I found the same to be true. I don't know if this is caused by the wood aging or if the factory just doesn't do a complete job of setting them up. I did some research online, Rickenbacker has a very helpful web site, and talked with a luthier who was familiar with Ricks before I tackled the adjustments of the bass myself. Now that I have the bass set to Rickenbacker's recommendations, the more I play it, the better I like it. The construction, finish and hardware are all top notch. There are two stand out characteristics that I like best. One, the low E string is not boomy, just smooth low end. Two, the pickups have great dynamic range. When setup properly Rickenbacker basses are well crafted musical instruments that are worth the price. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (9 of 9 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 1/17/2012 (9 of 10 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Hands Down My Favorite Bass 4003 By Samuel Guertin from Washington DC Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Like I said, this is my favorite bass. I love this bass so much that I'm contemplating on buying another in Mapleglo. It's given me more motivation to practice and become a better musician, so that alone was worth the investment. Compliments and quality aside, it is a rather expensive instrument and while the price and inavailability, add to the allure and reputation of a Ric, it sucks not everyone can own this bass. However, this bass is worth every dollar you put into it. Other than a Fender VI, I'm not sure I'll play another bass again. Love it. By far my favorite bass I've ever owned (2011 Rickenbacker 4003 Jetglo). Up until this purchase I owned a Mexican J, an American standard J, and an SG bass. I was blown away when I first heard the sound, enough so that I actually sold my J bass and SG bass so I could buy it. Great ric pick ups, three way selector, bass volume, treble volume, with corresponding tone knobs. The new 4003's have a push pull selector on the treble tone knob, that variates between a standard and "vintage Ric" sound. Definitely capable of creating an array of sound, it's no Gretsch White Falcon bass with all those knobs and what not, but the tone is to die for. Classic Ric sound, nothing like it. Beautifully made. As expensive as Rics are, it's definitely worth the money. Where as Gibson and Fender have moved production overseas and forgotten about quality (production errors, shoddy construction, cheap labor/materials on non-American models), Rickenbacker sticks to its original values and makes a real quality instrument. Beautiful wood, inlays, and finish. I've gotten hundreds of compliments on the Jetglo (mostly from non-musicians) so I figure it looks pretty bad ass. Expensive, but definitely worth the price. Expensive, but worth it. Made in America, and with good maintenance and care it will hold its price. Comes with a newer hardshell case, I love the look of the vintage silver and blue Ric cases, but I have a feeling the case it comes in might be a bit more durable. A Rickenbacker is a great investment, and while I try not to think about money when looking for a prospective guitar/instrument, I'm certain it will hold it's price over the years (at least in comparison to more mass produced models). (9 of 10 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 5/12/2014 (8 of 10 customers found this review helpful)  3.0 Disappointing Durability By PGH BASS from Pittsburgh, PA About Me Experienced Pros Great looks Solid workmanship Unique Tones Cons Finish Adhesion Problem Best Uses Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Purchased a Jet Glo just over three years ago. I use this bass very infrequently so much so that and it still has the original strings. When I recently took it out to play, I noticed a bubble or blister had developed in the finish near one of the pickup mounting screws. Rickenbacker would not service this because it was out of the 1 year finish warranty. One year? On a $2k+ bass? Sad. A quick search of the web shows that this is not a unique issue and most just live with it. Otherwise, a nice bass with better than average out-of-the-box craftsmanship and a very unique sound which isn't always a good thing since it tends to lack the versatility of other basses. However, if you are considering one, you probably already know what you are in for tone-wise. Bottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend (8 of 10 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 1/16/2013 (7 of 8 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Expensive, but worth every penny By Chris s from Austin, TX About Me Experienced See all my reviews Pros Classic Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Cons expensive Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: I really couldn't be happier with this Ric. The neck is more slender and the fret board slightly wider than the '87 Jazz Special I've been playing. The action was perfect, right out of the box, and it plays like butter, all the way up the neck. It sounds terrific, great sustain, and is, contrary to reputation, easily as versatile as my Jazz. The push/pull knob (which I use a lot) and the Ric-o-Sound (which I have yet to use at all!) are welcome additions. The pickups are maybe not quite as hot as the Jazz, by about 10%, but it hasn't been any sort of issue for me. I suppose if you are playing with everything at 11 it might cause trouble, but if you are at 11 all the time it is time for a new rig anyway, right? It's surprisingly light for a big bass and has a balance to it that is not apparent until you spend some time with it. You can hold it with one finger under the upper bout. Comes with Schaller strap locks installed, so get your strap ready for it. They'll work with an unmodified strap but the nuts are smaller than the regular strap nut, so you are asking for trouble. You are spending that kind of money on a bass that will last you the rest of your life, drop 20 clams on the strap locks. Finally, it isn't the most important thing but this bass is just beautiful - classic, distinctive lines, and a killer gloss finish. There's a whole world full of ugly, indifferent looking basses and the 4003 really stands out as a distinctive, classic look. Highly recommended. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (7 of 8 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 7/8/2016 (6 of 6 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Love the 4003. The JetGlo is gorgeous. By Jim from Atlanta, Ga. About Me Experienced See all my reviews Pros Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Cons Best Uses Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: The JetGlo is my 2nd 4003, I also have a MapleGlo. Both purchased at Musician's Friend. Very good experience there. I own a few other basses, but I keep coming back to the Ric. It feels right and the tone is what I want. I use the Ric'O'Sound output to run each pickup through their own preamp, which helps me get the tone I want, especially for low end when using the vintage setting on the bridge. I find a bit of fret noise is to be expected if you really want that Ric 'clank' and bright tone. Properly setup, this won't be a problem through the amp. The bridge is painful for setting intonation, compared to other bridges. I remove the bridge pickup cover and use a treble bezel cover, which is not too difficult and improves the playability substantially, while preserving the appearance. Be prepared to spend a couple of weeks or more to dial in the setup. And you will need to get help with that, as the info in the manual is a bit sparse. I use RotoSounds, and find I get better results with 0.80 on the A string than the stock Ric string gauge. For some reason, there is a resonance/rattle that occurs with the stock A string, at least on both 4003 RIcs I own. Regardless, the larger A really makes that string come alive, in my opinion. If you don't want to work this hard to get the sound you want, the Ric may not be for you. An American Standard Jazz, for example, also looks and sounds great, and is much easier to setup. But the Ric will reward you with tone difficult to achieve anywhere else if you are patient. If, like me, your initial interest in the Ric stems from a desire to reproduce that Chris Squire-Fragile/Geddy Lee-Hemispheres tone, you will likely be disappointed to find this is only the beginning of that journey. Multiple preamps, amps, a mixer, etc., and lots of work on technique are necessary to obtain every nuance of their tone. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (6 of 6 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 6/10/2014 (6 of 11 customers found this review helpful)  4.0 I Love this bass! By J.R. Ellis from North Carolina About Me Experienced Pros Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Cons Fret Buzz Best Uses Jamming Recording Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: First of all, I had never played bass before buying the Rickenbacker 4003. However, I am an experienced guitar player, so I hit the ground running when I got the RIC. I love the sound. Yes, there is a small amount of fret buzz, but part of that is probably my picking technique. I haven't had the chance to look up the specs on it and see if the action needs to be raised, but plan to at some point. Beautiful instrument and nice case! Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend Images shared by J.R. Ellis (6 of 11 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 4/29/2014 (6 of 7 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Sometimes dreams are great in real life By KyleBAnderson from Duluth, MN About Me Experienced Pros Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Great Wood Quality Solid Electronics Stereo And Mono Outputs Vintage Toggle Cons Short Neck Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: I have wanted a 4003 for ~8 years now. This makes me slightly basis, but I feel the basis is justified. This bass has some of the best sustain of any bass I have ever played. This bass has so much power it is gross in all the best ways possible. The neck took a little getting use to because it is the lowest action I have ever played, but the up side of this is this bass is pure speed as well. The great neck in combo with the low action and great pickup results in an easy to sound amazing bass. I would say that sometimes dreams are as good in real life as they are in your head =) Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (6 of 7 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 7/15/2013 (6 of 7 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Amazing Bass By DevinN from Gackle, ND About Me Experienced Pros Classic Look Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Cons Not Many Contours Best Uses everything Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: I've had this bass for about a month now, and it's one of the best basses I have played. It sound amazing, the neck feels great, and it just looks amazing! I got mine in Fireglo and the finish on it is nearly perfect. I always get complements about the tone. The only downside to this bass is that since it doesn't have any contouring on the front, so it starts to feel uncomfortable on my arm, but that's with other basses, too, so its not that big of a problem. Overall this is a great purchase and is worth every penny. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend Images shared by DevinN Images shared by DevinN (6 of 7 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 6/17/2013 (6 of 6 customers found this review helpful)  3.0 Great tone and feel, bad QC from factory By Studer Fan from Baltimore, MD About Me Professional Musician See all my reviews Pros Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Cons Poor finish Poor Quality Craftsmanship Poor Shipping Best Uses Recording Rock Concerts Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Two major problems with the bass: 1. the finish had a defect near the input jack, which should have been caught during inspection. It's too expensive to ship back to Rickenbacker, so I'l have to eat it. 2. the mono input jack is defective, will not reliably hold a plug. Again, to ship it to Rickenbacker just for this is too expensive, so I'll have to eat the cost of having it replaced. I wish they had done a better inspection. Made in USA doesn't necessarily mean it's without issues. The tone is awesome, twangy midrange punch with a respectable bottom end. The bass feels great, the neck is thin and fast, and the pickups are good quality. Fender or Gibson players will need time to adjust to the layout of the knobs, but otherwise, it's a nice feeling, nice playing bass! Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (6 of 6 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 3/23/2013 (6 of 26 customers found this review helpful)  3.0 warning! buy at your own risk!!!!!!! By unknownbassman from somewhere usa About Me Experienced See all my reviews Ask me a question Pros Cool To Have Fun To Play Its A Rick Over Priced Cons Inconsistent Neck Profile Over priced Poor Quality Craftsmanship Best Uses Collectible Only Just To Show Off Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: when I first played this bass I was vary happy:) but this bass scares me! every time I play it I'm afraid that I'll break it.and if you do good luck finding replacement parts(for example the pick up). another thing is don't just judge it based on reviews and videos, because the profile of this bass is vary weird. so try to find one that you can play. (6 of 26 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 11/22/2012 (6 of 13 customers found this review helpful)  3.0 Beautiful tone and looks, but imperfect By dtle from toronto, canada About Me Experienced See all my reviews Pros Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Cons Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: This bass looks amazing, and sounds amazing too. Great low end growl. The problem is it's not a comfortable instrument to play...*at all*. The fretboard is too narrow for my liking, and I don't like the lacquer used to cover it. The biggest problem though I find its just flat out uncomfortable to play because of the sharp edges on the front of the guitar. after playing my 4003 for a couple hours my hand feels way more cramped vs. my precision basses with their rounded edges. I wanted to *love* this bass (i own 4 rickenbackers), but i only like it. Really, how an instrument feels in the hands of the player is so subjective. My gripes about the 4003 may not be an issue at all to someone else. Bottom line, try it before you buy it, if possible. I don't regret buying it, because I do play it occasionally and it looks beautiful, but if my house was burning down, i'd be grabbing a P bass before my 4003. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (6 of 13 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 10/2/2016 (5 of 5 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 Nice Bass By JC from Chicago Illinois About Me Experienced See all my reviews Pros Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Cons Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts School Bands Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: I own a Fender Bass and owned a fender 30 years ago. Back then I tried a Rickenbacker but it wasn't for me I recently became interested again in a Rick for the sounds and also it's a cool looking bass. The bass has a Great field to it and the neck is also very comfortable to play. Every bass enthusiast should own a Rickenbacker. Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (5 of 5 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 2/7/2013 (5 of 6 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 There is nothing like a Rick ! By Fred from Rockledge Fl About Me Professional Musician See all my reviews Ask me a question Pros Fun To Play Good Feel Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics The Sound Is Everything Cons None Best Uses Great Rock N Roll Bass Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts Small Venues Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: Great clarity , super sustain , great balance when strapped on , craftmenship is second to none ! Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (5 of 6 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 1/27/2013 (5 of 6 customers found this review helpful)  4.0 A STELLAR BASS! BUT NOT FOR EVERYONE By pioneerofdisaster from planet earth About Me Experienced See all my reviews Ask me a question Pros Fun To Play Good Pick Up Good Tone Solid Electronics Stunning Looks Cons Inconsistent Neck Profile Poor Customer Service Best Uses Jamming Practicing Recording Rock Concerts School Bands Small Venues Works Everywhere Anywhere Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: rickenbackers are an aquired taste, great craftsmanship, value holds bar none.sound fantastic to me! my only beefs are personal,its almost impossible to penetrate the thick wall of their customer service. the neck profile is too big for me,while they did flatten the neck profile in the past year or so, they beefed up the sides of the neck,making it the same in turn as before. not for small hands or people with any hand issues. WISH they had a year to year neck profile chart Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend (5 of 6 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review 10/19/2011 (5 of 7 customers found this review helpful)  5.0 RICKENBACKER 4003 2011 MODEL IN JETGLO By george lynch from scotland, uk. Comments about Rickenbacker 4003 Bass: i have owned several rics through the years, my favorite finish is jetglo with fireglo in second place, all the rics i have owned all sounded different, the best one i had was way back 1982, i found it in a musical swap shop in glasgow, it had a bit of damage on the upper neck, i repaired it myself with filler and enamel paint. the bass sounded amazing growling e string and clear highs, a year or so later i wanted a brand new model , at that time i waited 2 months for the bass it arrived and it was awful, e string was a dud, screws were hanging out, and it just sounded terrible nothing like my jetglo. i sent it back to rickenbacker and got a refund, i have just purchased a brand new 2011 jetglo 4003 manufactured at the begining of august, i had a choice of 7 rics in the shop that day, a fireglo, a midnight blue ,4 jetglo, and a maple. the one i chose was the heaviest bass out of them all and it just sounded so much better than the rest , i regard myself as being very lucky to have had the choice , i can honestly say this is my best rickenbacker 4003 ever it just sounds so musical as a bass , everything is right about it . so if you want one i suggest you try as many as you can , which can be difficult you might be lucky to have the choice of 2 in any particular store, as they all do sound very different, which did surprise me, but you will find one that suits you. so just go for it and enjoy probably the most famous bass on the planet, you cant beat a ric for looks and in my opinion the sound it just growls with ease and class. and they are also a very good financial investment also. (5 of 7 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No  - You may also flag this review Displaying reviews 1-20 Back to top Previous | Next » Write a Review {"id": "513600", "skuOrProductId": "513600", "categoryId":"site1BAJ", "name":"4003 Bass", "pageUrl":"/bass/rickenbacker-4003-bass", "thumbnailUrl":"http://media.musiciansfriend.com/is/image/MMGS7/4003-Bass-Mapleglo/513600000204000-00-120x120.jpg", "addToCartUrl":"/bass/rickenbacker-4003-bass", "hasFeatures":"1", "isAccessory":"0", "message":"Famous for its ringing sustain; treble punch; and solid, underlying bottom end, its distinctive shape is accentuated by subtle binding. All-pro features include deluxe triangular inlays; stereo output; maple neck-thru-body construction; double truss rods; and high-output, single-coil pickups with a wide response range and brilliant clarity. The Vintage Tone Selector adds an instant high-end boost.", "value":"1,471.99", "priceMin":"1,471.99", "priceMax":"1,879.99", "priceSavingsMaxPrice":"0.00", "priceSavingsMaxPercent":"15", "inventory":"98", "brand":"Rickenbacker", "reviewStarImageUrl": "http://static.musiciansfriend.com/img/brand/mf/cmn/Sprit-Sm-Stars.png", "reviewStarRating":"5.0", "reviewStarRatingInteger":"10", "reviewHowManyReviews":"296", "usedOrNew":"used", "discontinued":"0", "onOrder":"0", "clearance":"0", "canBeSold":"1", "accessoryCategories":"site1LROBB,site1HBAL,site1LFML", "stickerText": "Save 15% when you use code in cart: SANDYCLAUS", "priceVisibility": "4"} { "pageType" : "item_page", "placements" : "3", "placementNames" : "rr1,rr2,rrt" } {"product":{"id":"513600","stock":"","price":"0.00","name":"4003 Bass","download":false,"sku_id":"","rep_id":"site1prod513600","sku_rep_id":""},"category":"Electric Bass","pageName":"product_detail","subcategory":"4 String Electric Bass","dept":"Bass"} {"pageName":"[mf] pdp: rickenbacker 43 bass","reportSuiteIds":"musiciansfriendprod","prop2":"[mf] shop: bass: electric bass","prop1":"[mf] shop: bass","events":"event34,event3,prodView","evar51":"default: united states","list1":"12-month,24-month","prop5":"[mf] shop: bass: electric bass: 4 string electric bass","prop6":"[mf] shop: bass: electric bass: 4 string electric bass","prop3":"[mf] shop: bass: electric bass: 4 string electric bass","prop4":"[mf] shop: bass: electric bass: 4 string electric bass","products":";513600","channel":"[mf] shop","linkInternalFilters":"javascript:,musiciansfriend.com","prop7":"[mf] product detail page"} 8% Back In Rewards Free to join Call Or Live Chat with helpful experts Free Shipping for all members Lowest Price 45-day matching 45-Day Returns No hassles Tax Free in 46 States Shop by Category Guitars Bass Guitars Ukuleles, Mandolins & Banjos Amps/Effects Drums & Percussion Band & Orchestral Accessories Live Sound Keyboards & MIDI Recording Lighting & Stage Effects DJ Gear Microphone & Wireless Software & Downloads Folk & Traditional Music Software Apple & iOS More Ways to Shop Stupid Deal of the Day Hot Deals Open Box Restock By Brand New Arrivals Private Reserve Guitars Clearance Financing Details View Financing Offers Apply Now Make a Payment International International Customers ¡Bienvenidos! About Musician's Friend About Us Musician's Friend Commitment Careers News Room The HUB Sweepstakes Why Shop With Us Free Standard Ground Shipping Price Matching 45-Day Return Policy Largest Selection Free 2-Year Warranty More Ways To Pay Private Reserve Gear Heads Customer Support Track Order Order Details Manage Subscriptions Return Policy Shipping Details Feedback Services Ways to Pay Affiliate Program Business Pricing Backstage Pass Contact Us FAQs Catalogs View Catalog Get the Catalog Get it First Sign up now for smokin' deals. Email Address Stay Connected Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Your Privacy Rights CA Transparency Act Site Map Mobile Site Safe Harbor PayPal Bizrate bbb Entire contents Copyright © Musician's Friend Inc. Musician's Friend is a registered trademark of Musician's Friend Inc. All Rights Reserved. Publisher does not accept liability for incorrect spelling, printing errors (including prices), incorrect manufacturer's specifications or changes, or grammatical inaccuracies in any product included in the Musician's Friend catalog or website. Prices subject to change without notice. Ship To: Guitars SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES ELECTRIC GUITARS Solid Body Semi-Hollow Body/Hollow Body Travel/Mini Left-Handed ACOUSTIC GUITARS 6-String 12-String Travel/Mini Left-Handed CLASSICAL/NYLON GUITARS FOLK GUITARS GUITAR PACKS PRIVATE RESERVE GUITARS ACCESSORIES Strings Pickups & Parts Cases & Gig Bags Picks Straps Stands & Hangers Tuners Cables EFFECTS AMPS PREAMPS GUITAR BUYING GUIDES Electric Guitars Semi-Hollowbody Guitars Acoustic Guitars Guitars for Lefties Guitars for Beginners Electric Strings Acoustic Strings Tuners Effects Pedals GUITAR AMP BUYING GUIDES FOLK GUITAR BUYING GUIDES   Bass Guitars SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES ELECTRIC BASS 4 String 5 String 6+ String Left-Handed Fretless Electric Upright ACOUSTIC BASS 4 String 5+ String Fretted Fretless PRIVATE RESERVE BASS ACCESSORIES Strings Cases & Gig Bags Pickups Parts Picks Straps Stands & Hangers Tuners Cables EFFECTS AMPS PREAMPS BASS BUYING GUIDES Bass Guitars Bass for Beginners Bass Strings Bass Amps Bass Effects Pedals Tuners   Folk Guitars, Harmonicas & More SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES FOLK GUITARS Ukuleles Banjos Mandolins Resonators Lap Steels Latin Guitars WIND & KEYBOARD Harmonicas Accordions Didgeridoos Whistles Kazoos ACCESSORIES Folk Guitar Strings Folk Guitar Cases & Bags Picks Straps Stands & Hangers Tuners Harmonica Cases, Holders & Reed Plates Accordion Cases, Bags & Straps FOLK INSTRUMENT BUYING GUIDES Harmonicas Resonators Ukuleles Ukulele Strings Mandolins Mandolin Strings Banjos Banjo Strings   Amps & Effects SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES AMPLIFIERS Guitar Amps Bass Amps Drum Amps Headphone Amps Keyboard Amps Mic Preamps Live Power Amps EFFECTS Boutique Pedals Guitar Pedals Bass Pedals Pedal Tuners Multi-Effects Pedals Multi-Effects Processors Vocal Processors AMP ACCESSORIES & PARTS Amp Footswitches Amp Covers & Cases Amp Stands Replacement Speakers Tubes EFFECTS ACCESSORIES Pedalboards Power Supplies General Accessories Cables AMP BUYING GUIDES Instrument Amps Acoustic Guitar Amps Lunchbox Amps Guitar Amps for Metal Amp Replacement Speakers Live Power Amps GUITAR EFFECTS BUYING GUIDE Electric Strings Acoustic Strings Tuners   Drums & Percussion SHOP ACCESSORIES & HARDWARE BUYING GUIDES ACOUSTIC DRUMS Sets & Shell Packs Snare Drums Mounted Toms Floor Toms Bass Drums Cymbals ELECTRONIC DRUMS Sets Modules Trigger Packages Cymbals Drum Amps WORLD PERCUSSION CONCERT PERCUSSION MARCHING PERCUSSION ACCESSORIES Cases, Bags & Covers Sticks Heads Keys & Tuning Tools Practice Pads Drum Mutes & Dampening Devices HARDWARE Stands & Racks Replacement Parts Pedals Thrones Clamps, Mounts & Holders Hardware Packs DRUM BUYING GUIDES Acoustic Drums Electronic Drums Drums for Beginners Cymbals Drum Heads Hand Drums   Band & Orchestra SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES BRASS INSTRUMENTS Trumpets Trombones Tubas French Horns WOODWINDS Clarinets Saxophones Flutes & Piccolos Oboes, Bassoons & More ORCHESTRAL STRINGS Violins Violas Cellos Double Bass CONCERT PERCUSSION MARCHING PERCUSSION CLASSROOM & KIDS BRASS ACCESSORIES Mouthpieces Mutes Care & Cleaning WOODWIND ACCESSORIES Reeds Mouthpieces Ligatures & Caps Care & Cleaning ACCESSORIES FOR ORCHESTRAL STRINGS ACCESSORIES FOR MARCHING BAND MARCHING CARRIERS ACCESSORIES FOR CONCERT PERCUSSION BUYING GUIDES Trumpets Trombones French Horns Flutes Clarinets Saxophones Violins Student Band Instruments for Beginners   Accessories POPULAR ACCESSORIES ACCESSORIES BY DEPARTMENT BUYING GUIDES Strings Cables, Snakes, Adapters & More Cases & Gig Bags Stands & Racks Tuners & Metronomes Trainers, Aids & More Instrument Care & Cleaning Tools & Tool Kits SHOP ALL ACCESSORIES Guitars & Bass Amplifiers Keyboards Drums & Percussion Microphones Stage Studio Woodwinds Brass Electric Strings Acoustic Strings Bass Strings Uke, Mandolin & Banjo Strings Audio Cables Tuners Amp Replacement Speakers Drum Sticks Drum Heads Cymbals VIEW ALL BUYING GUIDES   Keyboards & MIDI SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES PIANOS Digital Pianos Acoustic Pianos KEYBOARDS Workstations Portables & Arrangers Organs Keyboard Packages MIDI CONTROLLERS & INTERFACES SYNTHESIZERS & SOUND MODULES Synthesizers Synthesizer Modules Modular Synthesizer Systems Sound Modules PRODUCTION & GROOVE ACCESSORIES Synthesizer & Eurorack Accessories Pedals Benches & Stools Cases, Bags & Covers Stands & Racks Power Supplies Cables AMPS & MONITORS SOFTWARE ACCORDIONS, MELODICAS & MORE SHEET MUSIC BUYING GUIDES Pianos & Keyboards Digital Pianos Keyboards for Beginners Keyboard Controllers for DJs   Live Sound SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES LIVE SOUND PA Systems PA Speakers Subwoofers Monitors Power Amps MIXERS Unpowered Powered Digital DJ MICROPHONES & WIRELESS SIGNAL PROCESSORS POWER CONDITIONERS HEADPHONES PA SPEAKER PARTS STAGE ACCESSORIES STANDS & RACKS CASES, BAGS & COVERS RACKMOUNT CASES MICROPHONE ACCESSORIES CABLES & SNAKES POWER & BATTERIES TEST EQUIPMENT CONSUMER ELECTRONICS BUYING GUIDES PA Systems Mixers Power Amps Microphones Wireless Systems Direct Boxes Live Sound for DJs Audio Cables Headphones & Earphones   Recording SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES RECORDING Recording Packages Audio Recorders Monitors Subwoofers Audio Interfaces Signal Processors GoPro Cameras & More Computers & Peripherals SOFTWARE DAW Downloads MIXERS MICROPHONES HEADPHONES STUDIO FURNITURE & FOAM STANDS & RACKS CABLES & SNAKES iOS COMPATIBLE GEAR MICROPHONE ACCESSORIES POWER & BATTERIES MEDIA, STORAGE & MEMORY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS BUYING GUIDES Recording Recording for Beginners iOS Recording DAW Software Controllers Audio Interfaces Mixers Microphones USB Microphones Mic Preamps Direct Boxes Studio Monitors Headphones & Earphones   Lighting & Stage Effects SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES LIGHTING & EFFECTS PACKS LIGHTING Intelligent Lighting Color Changers & Wash Lights Par Cans Spotlights Lasers & Strobes Black & UV Lamps & Bulbs Gels, Gobos & Lenses LIGHTING CONTROLLERS & DIMMER PACKS FOG & BUBBLE MACHINES MIRROR BALLS STANDS, TRUSS & HARDWARE CASES & BAGS CABLES SURGE PROTECTION EXTENSION CORDS & IEC STAGE ACCESSORIES MIXER & GIG LIGHTS BUYING GUIDES Lighting & Stage Effects DJ Gear Headphones for DJs Groove Production for DJs Live Sound for DJs iOS Gear for DJs Mixers Microphones   DJ Gear SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES SOFTWARE DJ Software Downloads CONTROLLERS & INTERFACES MEDIA PLAYERS MIXERS GROOVE PRODUCTION TURNTABLES DJ VINYL HEADPHONES PA SPEAKERS & SYSTEMS LIGHTING & STAGE EFFECTS ACCESSORIES Needles & Cartridges Cases, Bags & Covers Stands & Racks Cables Media, Storage & Memory Power & Batteries Gig Lights, Dollies & More COMPUTERS & PERIPHERALS KARAOKE MICROPHONES CONSUMER ELECTRONICS VINYL RECORDS BUYING GUIDES DJ Gear Controllers & Interfaces Keyboard Controllers Headphones Groove Production Systems Live Sound iOS Gear Mixers Microphones Lighting & Stage Effects   Microphones & Wireless SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES MICROPHONES Condenser Dynamic USB Ribbon Tube Drum Harmonica iOS Packages WIRELESS SYSTEMS Handheld Headset Instrument Lavalier In-Ear Combination MIC ACCESSORIES Cases & Bags Stands Cables Cases & Bags Shockmounts Windscreens & Grilles Clips & Clamps Pop Filters Capsules WIRELESS ACCESSORIES System Components Additional Wireless Devices VOCAL SOFTWARE VOCAL PROCESSORS CONSUMER ELECTRONICS BUYING GUIDES Microphones USB Microphones Wireless Systems Mic Preamps PA Systems Audio Interfaces iOS for Vocalists   Software & Downloads SHOP ACCESSORIES & RELATED GEAR BUYING GUIDES SOFTWARE DAW Virtual Instruments Effects Plug-Ins Samples Signal Processors Mixing & Mastering Reverb & Delay DJ & Lighting Vocal Notation DOWNLOADS BUNDLES MIDI CONTROLLERS DJ CONTROLLERS GROOVE PRODUCTION COMPUTERS & PERIPHERALS MEDIA, STORAGE & MEMORY AUDIO INTERFACES MICROPHONES HEADPHONES SOFTWARE INSTRUCTION BUYING GUIDES DAW Software Controllers Recording Recording for Beginners iOS Recording Top Apps for Musicians Audio Interfaces Mixers Microphones USB Microphones Studio Monitors Headphones & Earphones   Books, Sheet Music & Media SHOP SHOP BY INSTRUMENT SHOP BY FORMAT SHEET MUSIC & MORE TABLATURE Guitar Bass METHOD BOOKS & MORE Guitar Bass Drum & Percussion Piano & Keyboard PRO AUDIO INSTRUCTION GEAR REFERENCE MATERIALS MUSIC EDUCATION FOR CHILDREN VINYL RECORDS INSTRUMENT Guitar Bass Piano/Keyboard Drum Set Voice Ukulele Trumpet Trombone Flute/Piccolo Clarinet Saxophone Violin Cello FORMAT Book Book With CD DVD Sheet Music Score Poster/Wall Chart Flash Cards CD-ROM Audio CD Vinyl   Apparel & Collectibles SHOP CLOTHING Men's Women's Unisex Children's SHOES HEADWEAR JEWELRY & WATCHES COLLECTIBLES Photos, Posters & Plaques Art Collectibles Collectible Figures Stickers, Decals & Magnets Lunch Boxes & Coolers Games HOME FURNISHINGS For the Kitchen For the Office Piano Benches Chairs & Bar Stools KEYCHAINS & MORE   You are changing the Ship-To country. Our product catalog varies by country due to manufacturer restrictions. If you change the Ship-To country, some or all of the items in your cart may not ship to the new destination. Cancel {"reportSuiteIds":"","prop2":"","prop1":"","prop5":"","prop6":"","prop3":"","prop4":"","channel":"","linkInternalFilters":""} mf-tiered-product-detail
