Fit in 10: Slim & Strong—for Life! DVD Catalog Navigation Search Food Diet Fitness Health & Healing Self-Improvement Home & Garden Rodale Wellness Prevention Men's Health Women's Health Runner's World Organic Life Bicycling Cart Cart (0 item) 0 Checkout There are no items in your basket. Currency : USD CAD Sign up Log in Food Diet Fitness Health & Healing Self-Improvement Home & Garden Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. Home Rodale Wellness Fit in 10: Slim & Strong—for Life! DVD Fit in 10: Slim & Strong—for Life! DVD Details http://www.rodalestore.com/fit-slim-and-strong/B001419.html $31.95 - $49.95 Variations Color N01 N01 Size: (Guide) Select One Size One Size Product Actions Add to cart options Quantity Please select a size Format Select Basic Starter Package Standard Package Ultimate Best Results Package Please select a format Add to Cart Runtime: 138 minutes Real Women! Real Life! AMAZING Results! If you’ve ever struggled with your weight, you know how exhausting it is to feel uncomfortable in your body or to constantly obsess over what you should eat. You also probably know what it’s like to feel guilty about skipping another workout or grabbing processed food on the run. Now, with Fit in 10: Slim & Strong—for Life!, you can lose the weight for good and revitalize your health in just minutes a day — without crazy diets or torturous workouts. The secret is the simple Fit in 10 formula that quickly becomes part of your everyday routine. Fit in 10: Slim & Strong—for Life! is Prevention’s all-new total life program that for the first time combines delicious, 10-minute clean meals with 10 minutes of easy exercise — for ridiculously simple total-body toning and lasting weight loss. Created by Prevention’s fitness director, Jenna Bergen Southerland, and top trainer Larysa DiDio, Fit in 10: Slim & Strong—for Life! can help you: Slim Down — All Over! Speed Up Your Metabolism! Feel Stronger! Boost Your Confidence! Lose the Weight for Good! Fit in 10: Slim & Strong—for Life! exercise program is so effective not only because it’s scientifically designed to burn calories fast, but also because it boosts your metabolism and gets you moving every single day. You’ll be amazed at the huge difference 10 minutes can make. The best part: With 12 Fit in 10 routines to choose from, you’ll never get bored. Each 10-minute routine targets a specific Tone Zone: upper body, lower body, belly, and total body. You’ll firm and strengthen these areas with gentle sculpting moves that work fast. And your trainer, Larysa DiDio, makes it fun and easy! Tone Zone #1: Your Upper Body Shape your arms and shoulders! Tone Zone #2: Your Belly Flatten your stomach! Tone Zone #3: Your Lower Body Slim your legs and firm your butt! Tone Zone #4: Your Total Body Burn stubborn fat and speed up your metabolism! All you need is a pair of light dumbbells, 10 minutes a day, and this exclusive program from Prevention that helps you get fit right at home. We know Fit in 10 works because busy women just like you used it for 60 days with fantastic results. In fact, the women who followed our plan lost an average of 11 pounds and 23 inches in 60 days, with some losing up to 14, 15, even 18 pounds. With 10-minute meals and 10-minute workouts, you’ll be thrilled by what the power of 10 can do for YOU! Item # B001419 Images   MORE VIEWS Alternate Views Rodale Wellness Prevention Men's Health Women's Health Runner's World Organic Life Bicycling FAQs Customer Service My Account: Sign In My Cart Check Out ©2017 Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy
