LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox (17101) -  LEGO  - Toys "R" Us To Top Rewards"R"Us Weekly Ad Info Center Special offers, services, events, news & more - all at a glance! Visit the Info Center Choose My Store My Store: Enter Location (Street Address, City, State or ZIP) Find Another Store: Enter Location (Street Address, City, State or ZIP) Find a Store Enter Location (Street Address, City, State or ZIP) Help ToysRUs BabiesRUs Baby Registry Wish List Gift Cards Gift Finder My Account / Sign In Sign In Create an Account My Account My Orders ToysRUs Boys' Toys Action Figures Video Games Bikes & Ride-ons Electronics Building Sets Learning Games & Puzzles Outdoor Play Vehicles, Hobby & R/C Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Preschool Musical Instruments Stuffed Animals Cooking for Kids New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Hot Wheels Minecraft LEGO Star Wars Transformers Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles see what's new! in bikes & ride-ons ► Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Dolls Arts & Crafts Bath, Beauty & Accessories Pretend Play Bikes & Ride-ons Electronics Building Sets Outdoor Play Learning Preschool Games & Puzzles Musical Instruments Stuffed Animals Video Games Cooking for Kids New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Disney Frozen Barbie Disney Princess My Little Pony Monster High Doc McStuffins see what's new! in outdoor play ► Girls' Toys Age Birth - 12 Months 12 - 24 Months 2 - 4 Years 5 - 7 Years 8 - 11 Years 12 - 14 Years Big Kids New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Disney Shop Fisher-Price LeapFrog LEGO Little Tikes Step2 exclusives! only available at Toys''R''Us ► Age Clearance Arts & Crafts, Educational ... Action Figures & Hero Play, N... Baby, Toddler & Preschool Lea... Bikes, Scooters & Riding Toys Building Blocks, LEGO Toys Dolls, Dress Up, Stuffed Anim... Electronics, Tech Toys, Movie... Games, Puzzles, Boutique Toys Kids' Furniture Outdoor Play, Kids Sports, Sw... Vehicles, Trains, RC Video Games Clearance - all Clearance Action Figures & Hero Play Action Figures & Hero Play Toy Blasters Workshops & Tools New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Transformers Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Power Rangers Marvel Minecraft Star Wars NERF exclusives! only available at Toys''R''Us ► Action Figures & Hero Play Baby & Toddler Toys Baby Toys Toddler & Preschool Learning ... Kids Furniture Playroom Furniture New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Nickelodeon Disney Junior Fisher-Price LeapFrog VTech Playskool Baby & Toddler Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride-Ons Bicycles Tricycles Power Wheels & Powered Ride-O... Scooters & Go Carts Push & Pedal Ride-Ons Rocking & Stick Horses Wagons Skateboards Skates Helmets, Pads & Safety Bike Accessories New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Avigo Huffy Schwinn Power Wheels Razor Yvolution get wild! Power Wheels 12V Wild Thing ► Bikes, Scooters & Ride-Ons Building Blocks, LEGO Toys LEGO Mega Construx K'NEX Lincoln Logs Meccano Sprukits Lite Brix Magformers Playmobil ALL Other Brands Wooden & Jumbo Blocks Tables, Storage & Accessories Shop by Category New Arrivals Most Popular we got what's hot! LEGO construcion sets ► Building Blocks, LEGO Toys Dolls, Dress Up, Toy Pets Dolls Dollhouses, Furniture & Acces... Doll Accessories Dress-Up Pet Shop & Electronic Pets Stuffed Animals Tween Shop New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Barbie My Little Pony Disney Princess You & Me Disney Frozen Monster High Dolls, Dress Up, Toy Pets Electronics, Movies, Music Electronics Tech Toys Movies Music New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Apple Anki First Act Kurio nabi Samsung Electronics, Movies, Music Games, Boutique Toys Games Puzzles Boutique Toys New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Hasbro Games Games, Boutique Toys Outdoor Play Swing Sets Playhouses , Tables & Slides Bikes, Scooters & Ride-Ons Climbers Bounce Houses & Ball Pits Trampolines & Accessories Sandboxes & Beach Toys Outdoor Furniture Outdoor Activities Camping & Outdoors Toy Blasters Play Tents & Tunnels Swimming Pools & Water Toys New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands NERF Step2 Sizzlin' Cool Little Tikes Big Backyard check out! the great big guide to outside ► Outdoor Play Vehicles, Trains, RC Cars & Trucks Trains RC Vehicles Drones Road Race Model Kits Electronic Pets Robots Rockets New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Hot Wheels New Bright Disney Pixar Cars Fast Lane Air Hogs Vehicles, Trains, RC Video Games Nintendo Switch Nintendo 3DS Nintendo Wii U PlayStation 4 PlayStation 3 Xbox One Xbox 360 Toys to Life Retro Gaming Pre-Owned Video Games PC Gaming Strategy Guides Gamer Furniture & Stands Gamer Clothing New Arrivals Most Popular Featured Brands Skylanders LEGO Dimensions Disney Infinity amiibo Video Games See All Categories Savings Center Gift Cards Gift Finder AllToys"R"Us    Action Figures & Hero Play    Baby & Toddler Toys    Bikes, Scooters & Ride-Ons    Building Blocks, LEGO Toys    Dolls, Dress Up, Toy Pets    Electronics, Movies, Music    Games, Boutique Toys    Outdoor Play    Vehicles, Trains, RC    Video Games Babies"R"Us    Car Seats    Strollers    Baby Gear & Activities    Baby & Toddler Toys    Nursery Furniture    Bedding & Room Decor    Bath & Skincare    Diapers & Potty    Feeding    Clothes & Shoes    Health & Child Safety    Kids Furniture    Clearance Cart 0     The item(s) you want to add may not be available for purchase from your Wish List in the future. Consider purchasing the item(s) now, and check your local store if we are out of stock online. Do you still want to add these items to your Wish List? Home  |  Building Blocks, LEGO Toys  |  Shop by Category  |  Building Sets LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox (17101) By: LEGO |MFG Age: 7 - 12 years Read Product Description More Images Play Video Add my images & videos Read Product Description Zoom|See Larger image $159.99 Good news! This item ships for free.* QTYLimit 2 Items per customer Details The item is unavailable and cannot be added to your cart. Please make a selection to add to registry. The item cannot be added to your registry. Please select alternate item(s) or consider purchasing the item(s) now! The item(s) you want to add may not be available for purchase from your registry in the future. Consider purchasing the item(s) now, and check your local store if we are out of stock online. Please make a selection to add to registry. Add To Registry Please make a selection to add to wish list. The item cannot be added to your wish list. Please select alternate item(s) or consider purchasing the item(s) now! The item(s) you want to add may not be available for purchase from your Wish List in the future. Consider purchasing the item(s) now, and check your local store if we are out of stock online. Please make a selection to add to wish list. Add To Wishlist Shipping:Estimated Ship date: 08/01/2017. - (Details) product Things to Know Don't forget the batteries. (Click here) Gift wrap is available for this item. (Details) This item is sold in our stores. Please check your local store for availability. Special Offers FREE Shipping on ANY purchase of $29 or more. Surcharges may apply on heavy/large items. - Free Shipping (See Details) Batteries Duracell Coppertop AAA Size Battery - 16-Pack$13.99SELECT Young builders can harness their creativity with the LEGO® BOOST Creative Toolbox Building Set. With parents' permission, kids can download the LEGO BOOST app on a compatible device and follow the building and coding instructions for the five multifunctional models - Vernie the Robot, the M.T.R.4 (Multi-Tooled Rover 4), the Guitar4000, Frankie the Cat and the AutoBuilder. Junior builders will be able to take care of a pet, rock out on a guitar and even build real miniature LEGO models and then bring their creations to life on the intuitive app! This exciting set contains 847 pieces for hours and hours of building fun. Product Highlights Young builders can construct Vernie the Robot, the M.T.R.4 (Multi-Tooled Rover 4), the Guitar4000, Frankie the Cat or the AutoBuilder with the 847 pieces included in this set Rotate Vernie's head to operate the spring-loaded shooter Play a song on the Guitar4000, which features pitch bend and sound effects Kids can watch over their very own interactive pet with Frankie the Cat AutoBuilder produces real miniature LEGO models M.T.R.4 lets youngsters customize the attachments and tools Comes with a LEGO Move Hub, an encoded Interactive Motor, a Color and Distance Sensor that detects distance, motion and color and functions as a light, a play mat and a LEGO BOOST wall poster With parents' permission, young builders will be able to download the LEGO BOOST app, which is available on compatible iOS and Android tablet devices Kids can build and code robots and models using the app and engage in fun activities on the play mat LEGO BOOST app includes step-by-step building instructions for all five models and an icon-based, drag-and-drop interface that lets builders easily bring their creations to life Pieces feature a cool white, orange and blue color scheme Requires six AAA batteries (not included) Recommended for ages 7 - 12 years Meet Vernie This robot really moves and talks, and its head can be rotated to activate the shoulder-mounted, spring-loaded shooter. Rock out The Guitar4000 features pitch bend and sound effects, so future rock stars can learn how to play a song on this cool musical instrument. Meow! Frankie, an interactive pet cat, purrs, plays and expresses its mood - especially when it's fed the wrong food! Learn how to build Young builders can construct, code and operate the AutoBuilder, an automated production line that produces miniature LEGO models. Build the M.T.R.4 The Multi-Tooled Rover 4 and its four tool attachments let young workers customize the vehicle for the task at hand. Power up This building kit includes a Move Hub with Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) connectivity, two encoded motors, an activation button, an internal tilt sensor and a light, plus an Interactive Motor and a Color and Distance Sensor. Product Description Combine the versatile LEGO® building system with advanced technology to boost your creativity with the awesome LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox. Download the free tablet app to your device and follow the step-by-step instructions to build and code any of the 5 multifunctional models. Experience Vernie the Robot - a moving and talking robot; the M.T.R.4 (Multi-Tooled Rover 4) - a robust, versatile rover with 4 different tool attachments including a spring-loaded shooter; the Guitar4000 - a musical instrument with pitch bend and sound effects; Frankie the Cat - an interactive pet that plays, purrs and expresses its mood; or the AutoBuilder - an automated production line that really builds miniature LEGO models! Bring your creations to life with the app's intuitive, icon-based coding interface and complete an array of exciting activities designed for each model. This set also includes a playmat for use with specific activities, and a LEGO Boost wall poster! Please go to LEGO.com/device check for a list of all compatible devices. Features Includes over 840 LEGO® pieces, plus a LEGO Move Hub, Interactive Motor and a Color and Distance Sensor. Move Hub features Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) connectivity, 2 encoded motors, activation button, internal tilt sensor and a light. Interactive Motor is an encoded motor. Color & Distance Sensor detects distance, motion and color, and can also function as a light. Build the M.T.R.4 (Multi-Tooled Rover 4) and try out the different tool and customization attachments to prepare the vehicle for an array of exciting activities. Building instructions for all 5 models are included with the free LEGO® Boost app. Vernie the robot stands over 10 inch (27 centimeter) tall. Additional Info “R”Web#: 325612 SKU: 69759407 UPC/EAN/ISBN: 673419272292 Manufacturer #: 6186142 Product Weight:3.1 pounds Product Dimensions (in inches):21.2 x 11.1 x 3.5 How to Get It Shipping Info: This item can be shipped to the entire United States including Alaska, Hawaii, and all U.S. territories including Puerto Rico This item can also be shipped to APO/FPO addresses and to P.O. Boxes in all 50 states Shipping Methods: This item may be shipped via Standard Shipping, Expedited Shipping or Express Shipping Please Note: Some addresses are eligible for Standard Shipping only (APO/FPO, P.O. Boxes, U.S. Territories and Puerto Rico) Store Pickup(learn more): This item is sold in our stores Orders placed for Store Pickup will receive online pricing and promotions In-stock status is approximate and may not reflect recent sales Not all items are carried at all stores. Please click the "Select a store" link to check product availability Customer Reviews Summary Product Questions Sweepstakes & Free Sample Disclosure Close Added to cart! My Store Would you like to make (Store Name) your store? We will display pickup options for this store as you shop. You can change this store anytime using the Store Locator. make this my store no thanks Spoiler Alert! Important Note for Gift Givers! One or more of the items you are adding to your cart may ship in the manufacturer's original packaging which may reveal what's inside. To avoid spoiling the surprise, consider shipping this item to another location or selecting "In Store Pick Up" during the checkout process. I understand this item(s) may ship in the manufacturer's original packaging or I'm picking up in store and would like to add it to my cart. Cancel Do not add item(s) to cart. Don't remind me again about keeping gift shipments a surprise. Recently Viewed see all > clear all recently viewed Previous Next 0.0 stars LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox (17101) $159.99 Canada United Kingdom France Germany Austria Netherlands Switzerland Spain Portugal Japan Australia China Poland Your Order Track My Order Returns Cancellations Create a Pre-Paid Return Label Shipping & Delivery Layaway Program Help Support Center ''R'' Us Credit Card Rewards"R"Us Product Recalls Payment Options Price Match Contact Us Gift Services Gift Cards Gift Card Redemption Gift Wrap Gift Finder Wish List Birthday Gift Ideas Buzz Best Drones Buying Guide Bike Finder In-Store Events Mobile Apps & Text Alerts About Us Company Info Careers News/Press Room Affiliate Program Our Supply Chain Toy Stores Near Me Safe & Secure Shopping Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Site Maps Site Map Products Index Shopping Index Popular Searches Kids Gifts by Age Toys for 12 - 24 Months Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Toddler Beds Toy Boxes & Chests Kids' Table & Chair Sets What's Hot Hatchimals DreamWorks Trolls LEGO Paw Patrol PJ Masks Nintendo amiibo Shopkins Top Categories LEGO Disney Frozen Merchandise Minecraft Toys & Games Superhero Action Figures & Play Sets LEGO Star Wars Monster High Games, Dolls, Dress-Up, & Toys New Arrivals Kids' Outdoor Playsets & Toys Kids' Swing Sets & Slides Kids' Playhouses Kids' Bikes Powered Ride On Toys Toddler & Kids' Trampolines Easter Basket Ideas for Kids Other Ways to Shop Dollhouses Doc McStuffins Toys & Games Bikes, Scooters & Ride-ons Minecraft Toys & Games Peppa Pig Toys, Videos and Games More TOYS"R"US SITES Babies"R"Us Geoffrey’s Birthday Club Toys”R”Us Corporate Site If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 844-357-6678 for assistance.   © 2017 Geoffrey, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site signifies your acceptance of Toys''R''Us Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Select a site Babies ''R'' Us Geoffrey's Birthday Club Toys ''R'' Us Times Square Toys ''R'' Us Corporate Site Toys ''R'' Us Movies This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method for collecting secure feedback data. TRU product product 125641286    
