Zipcode™ Design Colby Upholstered Platform Bed & Reviews | Wayfair Special Nonexistent Furniture Skip to Main Content FREE Shipping Over $49* Gift Cards Registry 1 Idea Boards Departments Furniture Living Room Custom UpholsterySofas & SectionalsTV StandsLiving Room SetsChairs & ReclinersFutons & SleepersCoffee TablesEnd & Side TablesSlipcoversChaise Lounges Accent Accent TablesAccent ChairsCabinets & ChestsOttomans & Poufs Bedroom BedsHeadboardsDressersNightstandsBedroom SetsMattressesArmoires Entry & Mudroom Coat RacksHall TreesPlant Stands & TablesStorage BenchesConsole Tables Kitchen & Dining Bar StoolsDining TablesDining ChairsDining Room SetsKitchen IslandsSideboards & Buffets Office DesksOffice ChairsBookcasesFiling Cabinets Rugs Rugs Area RugsDoor MatsOutdoor RugsKids RugsHallway RunnersBath Rugs & Mats Rugs by Size 2' x 3'3' x 5'5' x 8'7' x 9'8' x 10'9' x 12' Outdoor Patio Furniture Conversation SetsPatio Dining SetsPatio ChairsPatio TablesHammocksAdirondack Chairs Lawn & Garden PlantersGreenhousesComposters Backyard Play Swing SetsTrampolines Outdoor Décor Garden Statues & SculpturesOutdoor FountainsOutdoor RugsOutdoor Pillows & Cushions Outdoor Shade & Structures Patio UmbrellasGazebos Outdoor Storage Storage ShedsDeck Boxes Outdoor Heating Patio HeatersFirepitsOutdoor Fireplaces Outdoor Cooking GrillsSmokersPizza Ovens Hot Tubs & Saunas Outdoor Lighting Décor & Pillows Home Accents Decorative ObjectsArtificial Flowers & PlantsVasesCandles & HoldersPicture FramesDecorative Boxes Pillows & Throws Decorative PillowsThrow BlanketsPoufs Wall Décor Wall ArtWall DecalsTapestriesClocksWallpaper Mirrors Wall MirrorsFloor Mirrors Bed & Bath Bedding Comforter SetsDuvet Cover SetsSheetsQuilts & CoverletsBlankets & Throws Bath Linens Shower CurtainsBath TowelsBath Rugs & Mats Bath Storage HampersOver the Toilet StorageLinen Towers & Cabinets Bedding Basics Down Comforters & Duvet InsertsPillows Bathroom Fixtures Bathroom VanitiesBathroom FaucetsShower Heads Bath Accessories Bath Accessory SetsBathroom Mirrors Lighting Ceiling Lights Pendant LightingChandeliersFlush MountsTrack Lighting Outdoor Lighting Outdoor Wall LightingLandscape LightingSolar Lighting Bulbs & Shades Lamps Table LampsFloor LampsDesk Lamps Wall Lights Wall SconcesVanity Lighting Ceiling Fans Kitchen & Tabletop Cookware Cookware SetsFrying PansDutch OvensPotsCast Iron SkilletsTea Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Cutting BoardsCooking UtensilsMixing Bowls Kitchen Appliances RefrigeratorsRanges Small Appliances BlendersMicrowavesCoffee MakersEspresso MachinesFood Processors Tableware DinnerwareDrinkwareServewareFlatwareTable Linens Bar & Wine Wine RacksWine RefrigeratorsWine GlassesBarware Storage & Organization Food StorageSpice RacksKitchen CanistersFood Pantries Top Brands KeurigKitchenAidLe CreusetCorelle Bakeware Cake Pans Cutlery & Knives Window Treatments Window Treatments Curtains & DrapesValances & Kitchen CurtainsBlinds & ShadesDrapes & Valance SetsOutdoor Window Treatments Storage & Organization Storage by Category Storage Bins & Baskets Storage BenchesShoe StorageShelvingStorage DrawersCube Storage Closet SystemsTrash CansJewelry Boxes Storage by Room BathroomClosetKitchenGarageEntry & Mudroom Baby & Kids Nursery Furniture CribsChanging TablesGlidersBassinetsNursery Décor Kids Furniture Kids BedsKids Bedroom SetsBunk & Loft BedsKids DressersToddler Beds Playroom Kids Table & Chair SetsPlay TentsPlay Kitchens Kids Storage Backyard Play Kids Décor Kids Wall Art Kids Lighting Home Improvement Flooring Floor & Wall TileBacksplash TileHardwood FlooringVinyl FlooringLaminate FlooringCork FlooringBamboo FlooringCarpet Tiles Heating & Cooling FireplacesSpace HeatersAir ConditionersFireplace Mantels Bathroom Fixtures Bathroom VanitiesBathroom SinksBathroom FaucetsBathtubsShowersShower HeadsToilets Kitchen Fixtures Kitchen SinksKitchen Faucets Appliances RefrigeratorsRangesWashing Machines Cabinet Hardware Mattresses Mattresses Memory FoamInnerspringGel FoamPads & ToppersFoundationsFuton Mattresses Mattresses by Size TwinFullQueenKingCalifornia King Pet Pet Dog BedsDog CratesCat TreesChicken CoopsDog Ramps & Stairs Seasonal & Holiday Springtime Essentials Baskets & DécorSpringtime WreathsSpringtime EntertainingSpringtime Bakeware Outdoor Patio Conversation SetsPatio Dining SetsOutdoor PillowsPlanters Rooms Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Entry & Mudroom Kitchen Patio Nursery & Kids Bedroom Home Office Game Room Furniture Inspiration Sale Search Search Search with Photo Search with Photo Account Sign In Create an Account Track My Order Help 0 Cart Shop Search Search Search Search Search with Photo Search with Photo 1 Idea Boards 1 Account 0 Cart Furniture Bedroom Furniture Beds Zipcode™ Design SKU: ZIPC6040 Share: Share Email      Sale Magnifying glass Previous Next VIEW ALL Colby Upholstered Platform Bed by Zipcode™ Design Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. 3917 Reviews 29 Questions Answered $155.99 Reg Price: List Price: $219.90 $219.90 29% Off On Sale FREE Shipping Ship To: San Francisco - 94115 Select Size Twin Full +$29.00 Queen +$99.00 King +$145.00 Enter your email to be notified when it's available. Enter Your Email Address Send me exclusive sales and daily discounts! Quantity: 1 Quantity: 2 Quantity: 3 Quantity: 4 Quantity: 5 Quantity: 6 Quantity: 7 Quantity: 8 Quantity: 9 Quantity: 10 Quantity: 11 Quantity: 12 Quantity: 13 Quantity: 14 Quantity: 15 Quantity: 16 Quantity: 17 Quantity: 18 Quantity: 19 Quantity: 20 Quantity: 21 Quantity: 22 Quantity: 23 Quantity: 24 Quantity: 25 Quantity: 26 Quantity: 27 Quantity: 28 Quantity: 29 Quantity: 30 Add Installation $0.00 - $0.00* How It Works *Estimate is subject to change and is based on average rates and duration of project. Final payment will be due to Professional upon completion Verify Zip Code (for installation): Add Assembly - $83.99 Powered by handy.com How It Works Save to Idea Board You Might Also Need + Buy open box item(s): From $78.00 Have furniture questions? Wayfair furniture experts are here to help! Call Product Information: 10+ in Stock Twin Size: 40'' H x 40.5'' W x 79.5'' D Queen Size: 44.5'' H x 65'' W x 87.5'' D King Size: 40.5'' H x 80.3'' W x 87.5'' D Customers Also Viewed Previous Next Festa Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $148.99 Save to Idea Board Varick Gallery® Festa Upholstered Platform Bed This stunning Festa upholstered platform bed by Varick Gallery® will transform your bedroom. It ships in one carton with the frame, legs and wooden slats conveniently located in the zippered compartment in the back of the headboard for easy assembly. This contemporary upholstered full size platform bed features a button tufted headboard and low profile footboard style frame, with wood slats and exposed feet for support. The taupe upholstery looks luxurious and this platform bed makes an excellent addition to any bedroom. Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Box Spring Required: No Box Spring Included: No See Full Details Amherst Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $174.94 Save to Idea Board Andover Mills® Amherst Upholstered Platform Bed The perfect centerpiece for your bedroom! The low profile headboard and footboard, designed with square tufted detailing give the piece a modern look and feel. Its beautiful linen upholstery and thick cushioned padding will make your room look like a luxurious and comfortable haven to sleep in. The bed’s clean square profile is built with multiple wooden slats for support and durability Frame Material: Metal Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Headboard Type: Wingback Box Spring Required: No See Full Details Newport Upholstered Panel Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $118.99 Save to Idea Board Zipcode™ Design Newport Upholstered Panel Bed Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Panel Box Spring Required: Yes See Full Details Erin Upholstered Panel Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $126.99 Save to Idea Board Crown Mark Erin Upholstered Panel Bed Clean lined simplistic design of this upholstered bed lends itself to a variety of home decor options. With a neutral black faux leather upholstery, matching this to your home is made easy. The padded headboard offers extra comfort. Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Panel Headboard Type: Panel Box Spring Required: Yes See Full Details Littrell Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $205.99 Save to Idea Board Wade Logan® Littrell Upholstered Platform Bed Wade Logan's upholstered Littrell bed has a versatile style that everyone can relax into. Meticulous, detailed tufting on the headboard in attractive, neutral colors brings elegance to any bedroom arrangement. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Clyde Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $151.99 Save to Idea Board Zipcode™ Design Clyde Upholstered Platform Bed This Clyde faux leather platform bed by Zipcode™ Design will transform your bedroom. It ships in one carton with the frame, legs and wooden slats conveniently located in the zippered compartment in the back of the headboard for easy assembly. This espresso faux leather (enter size) platform bed features a headboard and low profile footboard style frame, with wood slats and exposed feet for support. This contemporary platform bed makes an excellent addition to any bedroom. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Assanta Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $211.07 Save to Idea Board Hokku Designs Assanta Upholstered Platform Bed Stylishly exotic, this contemporary platform bed is sure to add appeal to any bedroom décor. This piece features a sturdy wooden frame, corner-blocked for stability, and tightly upholstered in faux crocodile leather. The headboard comes padded for comfortable rest. Mattress ready with slat kit included. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Morgana Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $242.99 Save to Idea Board Mercer41™ Morgana Upholstered Platform Bed Stylishly exotic, this contemporary platform bed is sure to add appeal to any bedroom décor. This piece features a sturdy wooden frame, corner-blocked for stability, and tightly upholstered in faux crocodile leather. The headboard comes padded for comfortable rest. Mattress ready with slat kit included. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Upholstered Panel Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $148.99 Save to Idea Board Varick Gallery® Upholstered Panel Bed Modern style fuses with an understated design to round out the eye-catching Upholstered Panel Bed. Button details give this option a touch of timeless style while its streamlined headboard blends effortlessly into any ensemble from crisp contemporary to cozy loft. Pair it with white pillows and blankets for a resort-worthy look or mix and match its bedding for a bold boho display. Its neutral-hued upholstery is perfect for anchoring a monochromatic guest room arrangement or for leveling out a breezy coastal-chic master suite. With its rubberwood frame and sleigh design, this simply-chic bed is the perfect way to refresh your well-appointed home. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Panel Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Nancy Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $186.99 Save to Idea Board Zipcode™ Design Nancy Upholstered Platform Bed This faux leather platform bed will update your entire bedroom. It ships in one carton with the frame, legs and wooden slats conveniently located in the zippered compartment in the back of the headboard for easy assembly. This black faux leather platform bed features a headboard and low profile footboard style frame, with wood slats and exposed feet for support. This contemporary platform bed makes an excellent addition to any bedroom. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Spruce Hill Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $153.99 Save to Idea Board Varick Gallery® Spruce Hill Upholstered Platform Bed Set the foundation for your restful retreat with the Spruce Hill Upholstered Platform Bed. Perfect for a variety of aesthetics, this lovely design brings clean and chic style to your home. Showcasing a straight-lined frame, platform bed design, gray upholstery, and small wood feet, this charming bed had everything your bedroom needs. Set it in your master suite, then top it with a ruffled white duvet, light pink throw pillows, a ditsy floral throw, and a light blue bed skirt for a country-chic look. Or go for glam with a red silk duvet, golden throw pillows, a mirrored nightstand, and a white plush shag rug. Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel Box Spring Required: No See Full Details Amici Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $189.99 Save to Idea Board Mercury Row® Amici Upholstered Platform Bed This stunning upholstered platform bed will transform your bedroom. Its classically styled square stitched upholstery is cushioned and soft to the touch. The headboard and footboard are meticulously upholstered and built for durability. For support, closely spaced wood slats protect your mattress and eliminate mattress sag. The entire package ships in one carton with the footboard, frame, legs, and wood slats conveniently located in the zippered compartment in the back of the headboard for easy assembly. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Slat See Full Details Amsbury Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $134.99 Save to Idea Board Zipcode™ Design Amsbury Upholstered Platform Bed Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Lexington Platform Bed Rated 4 out of 5 stars. $155.99 Save to Idea Board South Shore Lexington Platform Bed This bed features a sleek design, which adds a simple yet sensational allure to any bedroom. Create that comfortable and contemporary bedroom you always dreamed of. This platform bed will go with any other pieces from South Shore’s collections in the same finish. *Reworked, improved assembly as of January 2015* Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: No Slats Included: No Bed Type: Platform Box Spring Required: No See Full Details Littrell Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $204.99 Save to Idea Board Wade Logan® Littrell Upholstered Platform Bed Our upholstered Littrell bed has a versatile style that everyone can relax into. Meticulous, detailed tufting on the headboard in attractive, neutral colors brings elegance to any bedroom arrangement. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $95.99 Save to Idea Board Anew Edit Platform Bed The Bed Frame features wooden slats that provide strong support for your memory foam, latex, or spring mattress. This platform bed has a clearance of 12.5" under the frame for valuable under bed storage. The platform bed 1000 provides stylish and strong support for your mattress. Frame Material: Metal Headboard Included: No Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Box Spring Required: No See Full Details Gabriel Upholstered Panel Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $179.99 Save to Idea Board Mulhouse Furniture Gabriel Upholstered Panel Bed Piping creates a handsome decorative element for this tufted upholstered bed. Gabriel features graceful fabric-wrapped buttons and tufting details offset by striking double rows of hand-applied piping around the frame of the headboard. Outlining Mulhouse Furniture nicely cushioned headboard, the tufted layout accentuates the elegant silhouette. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Panel Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Upholstered Panel Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $149.99 Save to Idea Board Zipcode™ Design Upholstered Panel Bed Set the foundation for your restful retreat with this stylish, yet versatile, bed. Its frame is constructed of solid rubber wood, then it is wrapped in stone gray-hued polyester upholstery. A panel design gives it clean lines for a midcentury-inspired look. Its headboard features concave curved corners and is adorned with polished nailhead trim. You can use this bed to build any themed ensemble. First, add your mattress, crisp cotton sheets, and cozy pillows for a plush foundation. Then, try adding all-white linens for a resort-worthy look in the guest room, or outfit it with a collection of cozy woven throws and patterned pillows to craft a boho-chic master suite retreat. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Panel Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Alvarado Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $179.99 Save to Idea Board Charlton Home® Alvarado Platform Bed Classic and sophisticated bed frame with nailhead trim detail around frame with linen fabric. Padded fabric upholstered headboard with nailhead details and wooden slats included with extra legs for full support - mattress not included. Conveniently packaged for easy home assembly and delivery. Delivered right to your door. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Brookby Place Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $233.99 Save to Idea Board Charlton Home® Brookby Place Upholstered Platform Bed Turn in for the night atop a dream of a bed in beautiful upholstery! Brookby Place is a fashion-focused modern platform bed with hints of mid century style yet is inconspicuous enough to suit your favorite bed linens. Lovely Brookby Place with care: a hardwood and plywood frame is the basis for the linen-like fabric upholstery, which is then softened with an underlying layer of polyurethane foam padding. Being that Brookby Place is a platform bed, a set of wooden slats (included) provide support similar to that of a box spring, rendering use of one unnecessary. Richly-colored dark brown wooden legs are a chic finishing touch. The Brookby Place Bed must be spot cleaned when needed. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Elian Upholstered Panel Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $165.99 Save to Idea Board Mulhouse Furniture Elian Upholstered Panel Bed Create a sophisticated look for your room by adding this tufted bed. Upholstered in chic shantung, the headboard boasts an abundance of carefully handcrafted diamond tufts. It's unique silhouette and plush foam padding combines to create the perfect balance between fashion and comfort. Bed frame and matching upholstered bed panels included. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Panel Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Avey Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $99.75 Save to Idea Board Mercury Row® Avey Platform Bed The steel framed Avey Platform Bed 1500H with Headboard by Mercury Row features wooden slats that provide strong support for your memory foam Frame Material: Metal Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Salina Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $180.99 Save to Idea Board Andover Mills® Salina Upholstered Platform Bed Trend alert this luxurious headboard boasts diamond button tufted detailing that radiates a contemporary chic look. Upholstered in faux leather with padding for extra comfort, this bed is designed to infuse some style and comfort into your room décor. Built with sturdy wooden slats for extra support, this bed does not require a box spring. this gorgeous bed can give you the style and coziness you are looking for. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Mariel Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $243.99 Save to Idea Board Winston Porter Mariel Upholstered Platform Bed This stunning upholstered platform bed will transform your bedroom. This contemporary upholstered platform bed features a headboard with piped framed details and low profile footboard style frame, with wood slats and exposed feet for support. The taupe upholstery looks luxurious and this platform bed makes an excellent addition to any bedroom. Frame Material: Metal; Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Linnea Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $183.99 Save to Idea Board Modway Linnea Upholstered Platform Bed Inspire sweet dreams with the Linnea Upholstered Platform Bed. Charmingly designed with grace and distinction, this product comes with an upholstered polyester fabric base and tufted headboard, solid wood legs and a slatted wood support system that eliminates the need for a box spring. Complete with a reinforced center beam with supporting legs for maximal stability, Linnea Upholstered Platform Bed accommodates the various mattress types on the market such as memory foam, spring, latex and hybrid. Imparting a heartening chic luxe look, this product is a well-made bed perfect for the instant update or bedroom transformation. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Platform Bed Rated 4 out of 5 stars. $158.99 Save to Idea Board Container Platform Bed This fabric upholstered platform bed will transform your bedroom. It includes the headboard, frame, legs and wooden slats. This contemporary upholstered full or queen size platform bed features a flat headboard and low profile footboard style frame with wood slats and exposed feet for support. The simple design of this bed will give your bedroom a soothing look that makes it easier to relax and fall asleep. Frame Material: Metal; Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Rasmussen Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $343.99 Save to Idea Board Langley Street™ Rasmussen Upholstered Platform Bed An ideal addition to mid-century suites, the Rasmussen Upholstered Platform Bed elevates a low profile with unmistakably modern details, like a button-tufted headboard and angled wooden legs. Versatile gray upholstery complements any palette you choose throughout the rest of the room. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Box Spring Required: No See Full Details Holland Queen Storage Platform Bed Rated 4 out of 5 stars. $214.99 Save to Idea Board South Shore Holland Queen Storage Platform Bed This contemporary style platform bed featuring a spacious drawer, was designed with clean, straight lines and is a value-conscious choice since it does not require the use of a box spring. The mattress does not slide around the bed. The drawer is mounted on full extension metal slides that open easily, without handles, thanks to the indentation at the bottom. Headboard Included: No Slats Included: No Bed Type: Platform Box Spring Required: No Box Spring Included: No See Full Details Adison Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $254.98 Save to Idea Board House of Hampton® Adison Upholstered Platform Bed Delight in a modern design without overcomplicating the décor with this smooth and sleek platform bed. The low profile design is accentuated with the expansive headboard that features crystal-like acrylic accents that add a button tufted design to the entire bed. The padded leatherette upholstery ensures a cushioned backrest and comfortable visual while maintaining the elegant and tucked in appearance that each side showcases. Each bed offers solid wood craftsmanship that will last for ages and a handy European style slat kit. Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel See Full Details Ayana Upholstered Platform Bed Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. $259.99 Save to Idea Board Wade Logan® Ayana Upholstered Platform Bed The Platform Bed adds a sophisticated touch of elegance in a bedroom. This bed features a button tufted headboard. The rails of the bed also features stitches on it. This bed is an excellent choice for a modern room decor. The simple yet classy design of this bed makes it an outstanding piece of furniture in any room. The bed has a graceful finish, which sprinkles elegance in any bedroom. The slats featured in the bed ensures great support to the mattress. Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel Box Spring Required: No See Full Details Colby Upholstered Platform Bed —   Add to Cart Colby Upholstered Platform Bed —   Add to Cart Features Information Specifications Care Shipping & Returns Installation Assembly Protection Plan Manufacturer Reviews Q&A Features Platform Beds with Wooden Slat Support Strong Support for a good night's sleep Smartly Shipped direct to your door The frame, legs, and wooden slats conveniently located in the zippered compartment in the back of the headboard for easy assembly Transform your bedroom Sleep comfortably with classic styling and strong support for your mattress Information This stunning Colby upholstered platform bed by Zipcode™ Design will transform your bedroom. It ships in one carton with the frame, legs and wooden slats conveniently located in the zippered compartment in the back of the headboard for easy assembly. This contemporary upholstered (enter size) platform bed features a square stitched headboard and low profile footboard style frame, with wood slats and exposed feet for support. The dark gray upholstery looks luxurious and this platform bed makes an excellent addition to any bedroom. Features Removable Legs: Yes Number of slats included: 14 Cannot be used with a trundle bed Leg material: Plastic Detachable headboard Slat material: Wood Slats do not creak or move Metal center support beam Leg color: Black Wood construction: Manufactured wood Headboard can be wall mounted: No Can be used without the legs Can be used with a box spring Product Details Frame Material: Wood Headboard Included: Yes Slats Included: Yes Bed Type: Platform Headboard Type: Panel Box Spring Required: No Slats Required: Yes Assembly Required: Yes Product Warranty: 5 Years See something odd? Report it here . Please leave a comment in the field above. Submit Thanks for helping us be 100% accurate. Show More Specifications Weights & Dimensions Twin Size Overall 40'' H x 40.5'' W x 79.5'' D Bottom of Side Rail to Floor 6.3 '' Overall Product Weight 66 lb. Top of Headboard to Bedframe 36.8 '' Side Rail Length 82 '' Base of Headboard to Floor 6.3 '' Headboard 40'' H x 40.5'' W x 79.5'' D Full Size Overall 44.5'' H x 58.5'' W x 82'' D Bottom of Side Rail to Floor 8 '' Overall Product Weight 78.92 lb. Headboard Height - Top to Bottom 36.8 '' Queen Size Overall 44.5'' H x 65'' W x 87.5'' D Bottom of Side Rail to Floor 8 '' Overall Product Weight 85.54 lb. Headboard Height - Top to Bottom 36.8 '' King Size Overall 40.5'' H x 80.3'' W x 87.5'' D Bottom of Side Rail to Floor 8 '' Overall Product Weight 90.39 lb. Headboard Height - Top to Bottom 40.5 '' Other Dimensions Panel bed height: 8" H Slat height (Top to floor): 14" Legs: 8" H Slat height (Bottom to floor): 13'' Distance between slats: 4.2" Headboard thickness: 4.25" Slat thickness: 1.5" Features Frame Material Wood Frame Material Details Pressed Wood Headboard Included Yes Adjustable Headboard Yes Slats Included Yes Bed Type Platform Headboard Type Panel Box Spring Required No Slats Required Yes Number of Slats Required 14 Color Dark Gray Wood Construction Type Manufactured wood Wood Species MDF Finished Back Yes Country of Manufacture China Upholstered Yes Upholstery Material Polyester/Polyester blend Upholstery Fill Material Polyester Upholstered Headboard Yes Mattress Included No Adjustability Head Weight Capacity (Twin Size) 250 Pounds Weight Capacity (Queen, King, Full Size) 500 Pounds Recommended Mattress Height 14 Inches Footboard Included Yes Mattress Profile Maximum 14 Inches Center Support Legs Yes Number of Center Support Legs 5 Trundle Bed Included No Bed Rails Included Yes Assembly Assembly Required Yes Tools Needed for Assembly Allen wrench Warranty Product Warranty 5 Years About the Brand Zipcode™ Design offers contemporary furniture for today’s shopper. They know that you’re always on the move and aim to turn “here” into “home” with just a few easy clicks. The value-priced apartment essentials capture the bright pops of color, geometric patterns, and contemporary silhouettes that encapsulate the urban aesthetic—and are designed to fit in homes of all shapes and sizes. More About This Product When you buy a Zipcode™ Design Colby Upholstered Platform Bed online from Wayfair, we make it as easy as possible for you to find out when your product will be delivered. Read customer reviews and common Questions and Answers for Zipcode™ Design Part #: ZIPC6040 on this page. If you have any questions about your purchase or any other product for sale, our customer service representatives are available to help. Whether you just want to buy a Zipcode™ Design Colby Upholstered Platform Bed or shop for your entire home, Wayfair has a zillion things home. See something odd? Report it here . Please leave a comment in the field above. Submit Thanks for helping us be 100% accurate. Show More Shipping & Returns Expected delivery dates for 94115 Change Shipping Policy 30-Day Return Policy Installation Services Add Installation $0.00 - $0.00* *Estimate is subject to change and is based on average rates and duration of project. Final payment will be due to Professional upon completion Verify Zip Code (for installation): How It Works Meet Porch: Here to take the stress out of your installation or assembly project in just a few simple steps. Start by checking out with Porch Home Installation & Assembly Services. Within 24 hours, Porch will send an email to connect you with their online platform where youll be matched with a pro. You're in control. The Porch platform lets you choose a certified pro based on your schedule and specific project. Read customer reviews and chat with pros in one place. After Wayfair delivers your product, your pro will complete the installation! Best of all, you'll only pay when you're 100% satisfied. See Full Program Details What's Included Need additional services? Request a Custom Project Questions? Call Porch at 855-336-1718 InstallationSupport@porch.com Show More Assembly Add Assembly - $83.99 Powered by handy.com How It Works Save time (and money) with convenient & affordable assembly services — in 3 easy steps: Start by adding Handy Assembly Services to your cart. Handy will follow up via email to confirm your booking details. Handy will schedule your assembly for a day or two after your Wayfair product is expected to arrive. You can reschedule assembly services up to 24 hours prior to your appointment for free. Handy will reach out to confirm the booking details and your pro will take care of the rest — so you can start enjoying your product. Questions Call Us service@wayfair.com Purchase of this service is subject to the Handy Terms of Use Protection Plan Add a Protection Plan from $17.99 Learn More 3 Years $17.99* 5 Years $26.99* Enjoy the comfort of premium coverage with a Uniters Protection Plan Plan Includes Protection Plan MFR Warranty Accidental stains & damage 30-day risk-free refund Full repair with no deductible Immediate coverage 24/7 claim filing Frequently Asked Questions What does this Protection Plan cover? This plan covers all accidental stains as well as accidental damage to your furniture. What's covered under "accidental damage?" In terms of accidental damage, this plan covers all unintentional stains, rips, tears, burns, punctures, gouges, chips, dents, and water rings. Once I've purchased a plan, when does my coverage begin? Coverage for accidental damage begins the day your product is delivered. What isn't covered by this plan? This plan does not cover damages caused by accumulation, neglect, abuse, or failure to comply with the manufacturer’s warranty. It also does not cover damages caused by natural disasters such as a fire or flooding, or furniture used in commercial settings. See full list of exclusions. How do I submit a claim? You can submit a claim to Uniters on their website or app, or give them a call at the phone number listed on your Protection Plan certificate. Will I have to pay a deductible? Nope! Can I cancel my plan? You can cancel your plan for a full refund within 30 days of purchase. After 30 days, your refund will be prorated. Any previous claims or an administrative fee may be deducted from your refund. See Plan Terms & Conditions Brand Insights When it comes to shopping for furniture, we know that first-hand experience is important in helping you make an informed decision about the item you are purchasing. Wayfair has independently evaluated this brand — no money was exchanged, no favors were fulfilled—so that you can shop with confidence. More Info GreatValue Dependable Design Cherished Heirloom Reviews Overall Rating Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars. 4.7 Based on 3919 reviews Write A Review 5 Stars 3206 4 Stars 551 3 Stars 76 2 Stars 24 1 Stars 62 Customer Photos +141 1 2 3 4 ... 784 Next Relevance  Sort by: Relevance Newest Oldest Highest rating Lowest rating Most helpful Sort by: Rated 5 out of 5 stars. 5.0 Best bed all around! susan from wilmington, NC on 12/11/2015 – Verified Buyer 1. Can't beat price. Definitely better quality than I expected. 2. Super easy and swift shipping! 3. Very heavy! Everything is stored in the headboard, son don't panic if you don't think you have the whole bed. You do. 4. Easy instructions-blows IKEA out of the water. 5. Took about an hour to put together. 6. Didnt realize it, but now I don't need my box spring. So now I have an extra. Be prepared for that! 7. Dogs are not helpful when putting beds together. Helpful453 Rated 5 out of 5 stars. 5.0 Anonymous on 04/25/2016 – Verified Buyer We are very impressed with the quality of this bed! When you pay a couple hundred for an upholstered bed frame you can't really expect much, but its actually very sturdy and very appealing! I read many reviews to be sure I wasn't throwing away money on junk. I wanted to address different issues I've read about. 1: some say the upholstered headboard does not have enough cushion. I would say it is pretty much what I expected. Thick enough to be a bit of a cushion, but also pretty firm/taught. I like this, it makes it look a bit more polished. 2: parts are stored in the headboard during shipping, which I thought was absolutely brilliant. Some say the material on the back of the headboard was disappointing and thin like paper. The material is thin but not like paper. It's just not something you would want to store anything heavy in. The creators probably did not intend customers to utilize that compartment after shipping but why not? It's pretty nifty. 3: I read a few reviews that said the backing was ripped or dirty inside. Mine was torn in the corner, but no biggie because it will not be seen. Apart from the crumbling of styrofoam during shipping it was not dirty inside. Nothing a little vacuuming can't fix. 4: plastic legs. Yes they are plastic. But they seem pretty sturdy and don't deter from the overall sleekness of the bed like I was afraid they would. 5: I also worried about how low everything would be to the ground once my 9 inch mattress was in place. My boyfriend is pretty tall and I didn't want him feeling like he had to crawl off the floor every morning. But this ended up being a great height, and high enough from the ground to store some things under. Maybe not suitcases, but thin drawers or containers. 6: the installation was so simple!!! The instructions had no words, only pictures and it was a breeze. I was able to put it together by myself without any issues in about an hour. Everything fit like a glove, including my queen mattress. 7: this is probably the only issue I had with this bed: the slats. Not the quality but the quanity. Prior to buying, I looked at pictures of past reviews and counted slats. Most every one had 14. In the question and answer portion it was mentioned the slats are 3 inches apart. When I got mine however, I only had 10. And the spaces in between are much wider than 3 inches. Actually closer to 4. i found this bed on Amazon and chose to purchase it here instead because I was seeing more slats in the pictures, but I ended up getting 10 anyway. Some beds require 3 inch spacing in between slats for warranty terms, not to mention it may wear your mattress down quicker. not something you should stretch the truth about to potential customers. Buying big things like this online can be a risk, but I like to know exactly what I'm getting. Still, slats are attached with a strip of Velcro and super easy to manage. Overall Its worth the price. It's a great deal really. The bed does not shake, squeak, wiggle, creak or wobble. Just to give you an idea, my boyfriend is built like a linebacker, and together we have a combined weight of around 430-450 lbs. 10/10 would buy again. I love it. I will definitely be purchasing more items from wayfair. Looking for a dining room table now, and so far wayfair has impressed me! Helpful188 Rated 5 out of 5 stars. 5.0 Easy to build and looks nice! Nancy from DC on 09/20/2015 – Verified Buyer Very easy to build bed frame, it looks nicer than in the pictures. MY mattress is 13 " so it looks taller. Helpful119 Rated 1 out of 5 stars. 1.0 Joshua from Carpinteria, CA on 06/25/2016 – Verified Buyer Bed frame itself is beautiful and well constructed. However, the bed arrived with tiny bugs infesting and damaging the wood slats. Judging by the positivity of other reviews I must have been incredibly unfortunate Helpful100 Rated 4 out of 5 stars. 4.0 Jynipher from Davis, OK on 02/23/2016 – Verified Buyer This bed is very pretty and surprisingly sturdy. The parts of the bed separately seem a little shoddy (plastic legs, aluminum-like supports, thin plywood slats, but when it all comes together it wasn't wobbly. The head board is low profile. Our thick mattress and pillows all but completely impede the view of the headboard. At first I wished the headboard was more visible, but it's at the perfect height to be sitting leaned up against it reading or working on a computer to lay your head back on it. The HEAVY package seemed like it had some rough handling. The outer cardboard box was beat up. The inner box was less beat up, there was a little damage to a slat and the backing of the headboard. It's a shame that the SUPER cleaver backing to the headboard that doubles as a packing area for moving is made of SUCH easily rip-able material. It's the same material that's used for disposable surgical gowns in hospitals. The package arrived on the day Wayfair had estimated for shipping. I followed tracking closely, but it was still outside my garage for over an hour before I knew it was there. I was home. I wish I could have gotten a phone call or doorbell ring. I wonder if they would have left it out there if it was raining. Not super thrilled with shipping, but so far, for the price, I'm really liking the bed. Helpful98 Rated 4 out of 5 stars. 4.0 Great bed Janae from Miami, FL on 09/30/2015 – Verified Buyer I've had the bed for about a week now & I love it. I put it together myself & it took about an hour & 15, very easy! Missing some snug bolt things but they weren't pertinent to holding the bed together. Great bed, great price. Helpful74 Rated 5 out of 5 stars. 5.0 Love this bed! Sandy from Dayton, TX on 02/04/2016 The bed was delivered on time, in good condition with great packaging. It was delivered in one big heavy box but the bed was also in a cardboard box...so it was double wrapped. My husband and I carried it upstairs. I suppose one person could manage it but its best to have help with this one. All of the pieces are stored nicely inside a zippered closure on the back of the headboard. All of the hardware was included as well as the hex tool needed for assembly. The instructions are simply step by step pictures so it is a little vague but not difficult to figure out. This bed is sturdy. The fabric covering is thick and the padding is nice. The slats are actually attached by a Velcro strip that rolls out and attaches to the bed frame. That was a nice touch! There are plenty of slats. I have a 10 inch memory foam mattress with no box spring and it works perfectly. There is 7.5 of clearance under the bed that you could use for storage. The top of the headboard is 44 from the floor. I am very happy with this purchase and so is my teenage son! Helpful61 Rated 5 out of 5 stars. 5.0 Sandy from Ocala, FL on 05/11/2016 – Verified Buyer First let me say I love the bed it's super sturdy better than the last four that I have bought from other online Companies.The only problem I had was the slats are 5 inches apart which means you have a 5 inch gap between the slats I have a Tempur-pedic cloud mattress and did not want to damage it so what I did is I ended up putting the cardboard from the package across the slabs and that works perfect. I am amazed at the price of this bad I have bought many more for triple the price and was not completely satisfied the center bar on this bed is metal the legs are not adjustable what they are perfectly level most of these other beds that I had bought have the problem of the bed sinking in the middle so you always roll towards the center which I could not stand this is the best that I've had here and at the lowest price Helpful47 Rated 1 out of 5 stars. 1.0 Jeremiah from Kansas City, MO on 09/03/2016 – Verified Buyer Very unhappy with this purchase. Wayfair customer support is a joke. First off FedEx placed this large box against a downspout and damaged it. Tried to file a claim with FedEx and was told Wayfair is responsible for handling the claim. Wayfair sent an email saying they filed a claim and was to receive a phone call within 24-48 hours. After not receiving a call we contacted Wayfair and they could not confirm they filed a claim, then suddenly they said a claim was filled and we had to contact FedEX. Called FedEx and they indicated no claim has been filled. Secondly, the bed is very low quality. Backing is torn, wood is split, overall low quality. The bed sits very low to the ground not like the picture in the description. If I was to add a boxspring the headboard would be barley visible. Wayfair indicates that I have to pay for shipping approx. $50 to send back and use the original box. The box was damaged in transport and is not useable, so I would have to find a large box in order to send this back. With the cost of returning and finding an unusual large box, I am now stuck with this product. Based on this experience this will be my first and last transaction with Wayfair. Helpful36 Rated 3 out of 5 stars. 3.0 Cute bed poor packaging Meghan from Durham, NC on 12/30/2015 – Verified Buyer While they cant be blamed for USPS damage - the packaging was so poor that the dent went through two parts of the bed and broke the wood in one part. On a positive note, the damage is not visible when the bed is together. He packaging should have more padding around the easily damaged material. Helpful38 1 2 3 4 ... 784 Next Questions & Answers We're here to help Q: "Does the bed have center support legs?" A: Yes, the bed has center support legs. Brittany from Wayfair on Jan 30, 2017 Helpful14 Q: "What is the distance between the slats?" A: The distance between the slats is 4.2". Nikezah from Wayfair on Feb 13, 2017 Helpful12 Q: "What is the height of the legs?" A: The legs are 8" H. Carlissa from Wayfair on Feb 5, 2017 Helpful11 Q: "Do the slats creak or move?" A: The slats do not creak or move. Ashley from Wayfair on Jan 26, 2017 Helpful10 Q: "Does this bed have a metal support center beam?" A: Yes, this bed has a metal support center beam. Nikezah from Wayfair on Feb 13, 2017 Helpful9 1 2 3 4 ... 6 Next Related Searches full size bed platform bed frame queen headboard and footboard king headboard and footboard headboard and footboard cal king bed frame Related Products Lexington Upholstered Platform Bed Quickview Lexington Upholstered Platform Bed The Lexington Collection is sure to update your home with its sleek lines and contemporary design. Crafted from durable, easy to clean melamine with brushed metal drawer pulls. The Lexington Collection makes adding a modern touch to your home affordable and easy. « Go back Rue Upholstered Platform Bed Quickview Rue Upholstered Platform Bed The is sure to update your home with its sleek lines and contemporary design. Crafted from durable, easy to clean melamine with brushed metal drawer pulls. The makes adding a modern touch to your home affordable and easy. « Go back Lido Platform Bed Quickview Lido Platform Bed The Lido Collection remains a top seller because of the outstanding value it offers. Made from durable melamine, the smaller scale of this collection will make a small room feel larger because it will not overcrowd. The Lido Collection is a classic contemporary choice that you will enjoy for years and years. « Go back Sarina Platform Bed Quickview Sarina Platform Bed The remains a top seller because of the outstanding value it offers. Made from durable melamine, the smaller scale of this collection will make a small room feel larger because it will not overcrowd. The is a classic contemporary choice that you will enjoy for years and years. « Go back Garneau Upholstered Panel Bed Garneau Upholstered Panel Bed « Go back Chico Platform Bed Quickview Chico Platform Bed The Chico Platform Bed adds charm to any living space with its exclusive design. This platform bed features a European slat system and contains two attached nightstands. It includes two glass shelves with LED lights, which can be turned on and off with the switch of a button. The cam lock wooden construction of the bed assures maximum strength and durability. This bed features a white lacquer finish that creates an aesthetically pleasing effect in a room. It is available in a multiple sizes. There is a built-in jewelry compartment for keeping your precious possessions. It also features a cable management system for keeping all the wires organized. « Go back Advertisement Feedback Advertisement Feedback Start Saving with Sherwin-Williams Sponsored Links Advertisement Feedback Our Retail Brands Joss & Main AllModern Birch Lane DwellStudio Wayfair Supply About Wayfair My Account Manage Email Subscriptions Help Careers Investors Catalog Call Us Mon - Fri: 8am to 12am EST, Sat: 8am to 8 pm EST, Sun: 9am to 6pm EST Copyright 2002-2017 by Wayfair LLC, 4 Copley Place, 7th Floor, Boston, MA 02116 Terms of Use Privacy Interest-Based Ads Shop Wayfair International Logout Your Customer Reference #: 01-X-CSN ServerT:0.75484013557434 39
