4-1/2 in. 4.3 Amp Angle Grinder JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Contact Us Place an Order 1-800-423-2567 Monday thru Saturday 5am to 9pm (PT) Sunday 6am to 6pm (PT) Customer Service 1-800-444-3353 Monday thru Saturday 5am to 9pm (PT) Sunday 6am to 6pm (PT) Technical problems 1-888-866-5797 Monday thru Friday 7am to 4pm (PT) Order Status Returns and Exchanges GET COUPONS NOW! My List Build a store shopping list Order Status Log In / Register My Cart 0 Search Keywords or Item   Your Store: Store Info (change)   Zip Code Sale & Clearance Clearance Monthly Ad Gift Cards Inside Track Club HFT donations Power Tools Air Tools Hand Tools Tool Storage Automotive & Motorcycle Engines & Generators Welding Lawn & Garden Material Handling Everything Else X X To Find Nearest Store Enter Your Street Address, City, State, OR Zip Code Home | 4-1/2 in. 4.3 Amp Angle Grinder Double click on above image to view full picture 4-1/2 in. 4.3 Amp Angle Grinder Drill Master - item#69645 Angle grinder generates up to 10000 RPM for fast stock removal   Compare $24.98 Only: $14.99 Qty: Add to My List View Shipping Rates Print This Page Frequently Bought Together Product Overview Description This angle grinder has a durable 4.3 amp motor that delivers 10000 RPM for fast stock removal. The angle grinder also features a rugged cast aluminum gear case, wheel guard, two position auxiliary handle and all ball-bearing motor for long life. All ball-bearing motor for smooth running, long life Rugged cast aluminum gear case for durability Spindle lock Two-position auxiliary handle Grinding wheel sold separately. Specifications Name 4-1/2 in. 4.3 Amp Angle Grinder SKU 69645 Brand Drill Master™ Amperage (amps) 4.3 Speed (max) 10000 RPM Quantity 1 Wattage (watts) 500 Arbor size 5/8 in.-11 spindle with 7/8 in. adapter Product Height 4-1/2 in. Product Length 11 in. Product Weight 3.36 lbs. Product Width 4-3/4 in. Shipping Weight 3.85 lb. Accessories Included arbor wrench, removable handle, spindle lock, toggle switch AC Volts 120 Customer Reviews Warranty Manufacturer Warranty Detail We guarantee this product to be free from defects in materials and workmanship 90 days from the date of purchase. Limitations apply. User Manual Product Manual Click here to Download the Manual for the 69645 Angle Grinder, 4-1/2" Recently Viewed Get Shipping on Your Order!  More details   DELIVERY TIME SHIPPING RATES Standard Ground Shipping* 3 - 7 business days for shipping, plus processing time Enjoy $6.99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling (Overweight Charges May Apply) Express - Second Day Second day for shipping, plus processing time Rate calculated based on shipping address and product weight Premium - Next Day Next day for shipping, plus processing time Rate calculated based on shipping address and product weight Harbor Freight makes every effort to process orders within 24 hours of being placed. Orders placed before 2pm (PT) are generally SHIPPED the next business day. Please Note: Harbor Freight Tools cannot ship to PO Box addresses if shipping within the 48 contiguous states. Guidelines for shipping to PO Box addresses: • Maximum weight for packages shipped within the 48 contiguous states is 8 lbs. • Maximum weight for packages shipped to AK, HI or GU is 70 lbs. *Overweight items are shipped via freight delivery, please allow up to 20 business days for shipping. Standard Ground Shipping rates apply to deliveries within the continental Unites States. Lift-Gate Charge. If you do not have the equipment to offload certain overweight items from the delivery truck, a truck with a lift gate must be assigned for delivery of your order. The lift-gate charge covers the cost of this special delivery. If you think you will need a truck with a lift-gate, please contact Customer Service Inbound Sales at 1-800-423-2567. Corporate Information About Us Careers Product Review Guidelines Corporate Media Inquiries Product Media Requests Security and Privacy Site Map Terms and Conditions Real Estate California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Disclosure Supplier Code of Conduct Tools for Schools Teaching Prize customer service Contact Us Request a Free Catalog order status customer service create new account extended service protection Recall safety information return policy shipping info Compare/Comp At FAQ More Ways to Buy New Items New Stores Coming Soon Gift Cards Inside Track Club Printable Order Form My List Refer a Friend JOIN THE CONVERSATION #harborfreight For The Latest, Up To The Minute News, Follow Us Facebook Facebook Pinterest Pinterest Instagram Instagram Linkedin Linkedin Youtube Demos Blog Blog twitter Twitter Email Email SHOP 800+ STORES NATIONWIDE Find a Store © Copyright 2017 Harbor Freight Tools. All Rights Reserved. MATERIAL AND PHOTOS ON THIS SITE ARE THE COPYRIGHTED PROPERTY OF HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS AND MAY NOT BE USED WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS. Back to Top Harbor Freight Tools does not endorse any other business or organization or any technique in any customer and/or fan video. Always follow all of the instructions and warnings included with our products. We make no representation or warranty of any kind by including any customer and/or fan video on our website. LIFETIME WARRANTY Lifetime Warranty on Hand Tools! We guarantee our Hand Tools to be free from defects in material and workmanship for the life of the product. Limitations apply. ABOUT HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS Founded in 1977, Harbor Freight Tools is the leading discount tool retailer in the U.S. selling great quality tools at "ridiculously low prices" in over 800+ stores nationwide and on its website www.harborfreight.com. Harbor Freight Tools stocks over 7,000 items in categories including automotive, air and power tools, shop equipment and hand tools. With a commitment to quality and a lifetime guarantee on all hand tools, Harbor Freight Tools is a favorite of automotive and truck repair shops, government agencies, schools, manufacturers, contractors and tool enthusiasts who want top-quality and great selection and value. The results speak for themselves - with over 40 million customers and thousands of people switching to Harbor Freight Tools every day. Sorry! Please visit our most up to date coupons here and our latest monthly ad, or just continue to the site and shop our ridiculously low everyday prices. Thank You!
