Industrial Lantern Table Lamp with Night Light - #2V218 | Lamps Plus Sign In | Create Account Free Shipping on Most Orders* Open Box Rooms: Wish List: Cart: Checkout Need Help? 800-782-1967 Sale Sale Big savings on 100's of popular styles Daily Sales Save big with limited time super-savers! Clearance Huge markdowns on clearance items Open Box New products, open box - Up to 70% off! Shop by Room/Trends Room Inspiration Ideas from professionally designed scenes Shop by Trend New interior design trends & inspiration Blog Interior design tips and lighting ideas Advice & Tips Design project and product advice from our experts Store Locations Rate Us 800-782-1967 Chandeliers Chandeliers All Chandeliers Crystal Chandeliers Dining - Living Room Entryway Mini Chandeliers Island Lights Pendant Chandeliers Pendant Lighting All Pendants Mini-Pendants Swag Lights Design Your Own Pendant Light Lighting Fixtures All Lighting Fixtures More To Consider: Chandelier Shades Pool Table Lights Ceiling Medallions Dimmers & Controls Light Bulbs Lighting Collections Ceiling Lights Close to Ceiling Lights All Close to Ceiling Lights Flushmount Semi-Flushmount Art Shade Ceiling Lights Track Lighting All Track Lighting Complete Track Kits Monorail Systems Recessed Lighting All Recessed Lighting More To Consider: Kitchen Lighting Emergency Exit Lights Grow Lights Dimmers and Controls Light Bulbs Lighting Collections Lamps Table Lamps All Table Lamps Tiffany Style Table Lamps Accent Lamps Lava Lamps Art Shade Table Lamps Lamp Shades All Lamp Shades Art Shades Floor Lamps All Floor Lamps Task Floor Lamps Torchieres Arc Lamps Swing Arm Floor Lamps Floor Lamps with Tables Art Shade Floor Lamps Desk Lamps All Desk Lamps Task Lighting LED Desk Lamps Swing Arm Up Lights - Clip Lights All Up - Clip Lights More To Consider: Swag Lamps Color Plus Lighting Design a Lamp or Shade Book Lights Novelty Lamps Lighting Accessories Dimmer Switches Light Bulbs Wall Lights Bathroom Lighting All Bathroom Lighting Sconces All Sconces Picture Lights All Picture Lights Wall Lamps All Wall Lamps Swing Arm Lamps Art Shade Wall Lamps Under Cabinet Lights All Under Cabinet Lights More To Consider: Wall Mirrors Bathroom Hardware Bathroom Vanities Emergency Exit Lights Night Lights Lighting Accessories Glass Shades Dimmers and Controls Light Bulbs Outdoor Lights Outdoor Lighting All Outdoor Lights Wall Lights Energy Efficient Outdoor Lights Post Lights LED Outdoor Lighting Hanging Lights Ceiling Lights Party & String Lights Landscape Lighting All Landscape Lighting LED Landscape Lights Path Lighting Solar Landscape Lights Landscape Lighting Kits Outdoor Security Lighting All Security Lights Motion Sensor Lights More For Outdoor: Outdoor Fountains Outdoor Furniture Barbeque Lights Fire Pits Garden Stools Ceiling Fans Ceiling Fans All Ceiling Fans Ceiling Fans with Lights Outdoor Ceiling Fans Hugger - Flush Mount Low Profile Design Your Own Fan More To Consider: Fan Light Kits Glass Shades for Fans Ceiling Fan Medallions Bathroom Exhaust Fans Desk & Floor Fans Furniture Seating All Seating Sofas Barstools Chairs Accent Chairs Dining Chairs Office Chairs Recliners Ottomans Tables All Tables Accent Tables Sofa - Console Tables Dining Tables Coffee Tables Desks Outdoor Tables Cabinets & Storage All Cabinets & Storage Chests Bathroom Vanities Entertainment Centers Beds All Beds Headboards Furniture By Room: Living - Family Room Bedroom Furniture Dining Room Kitchen Bathroom Home Office Outdoor Furniture Home Decor Mirrors All Mirrors Wall Mirrors Vanity Mirrors Fountains Indoor Fountains Outdoor Fountains Wall Art - Wall Décor Prints Canvas and Giclee Prints Metal Wall Art Sculptures Indoor Sculptures Outdoor Sculptures Home Accessories Clocks Candleholders Vases Floral Frames Decorative Throws Dining & Entertaining Cake Stands Pillows Decorative Pillows Area Rugs Indoor-Outdoor Rugs More Decor: Fireplaces & Fire Pits Bed and Bath Outdoor Décor Lamps Plus  |  table lamps  |  Industrial Lantern Table Lamp with Night Light < Go Back View All Table Lamps Industrial Lantern Table Lamp with Night Light - Style # 2V218 Sale $149.95 $169.99 Save $20.00 Compare $254.99 Ends 7/23/17 Free Shipping & Free Returns* Low Price Guarantee Add to Cart Sold Out Add to Wish List In Stock - Ships in 1 to 2 Days Check Store Availability 474 Most Popular An industrial style table lamp from the Franklin Iron Works brand, featuring a convenient nightlight with a decorative Edison-style bulb. More Details > Zoom View in your room Watch Video! Houzz Print Email Industrial Lantern Table Lamp with Night Light $149.95 Add to Cart Product Details Related Products Q & A Reviews Product Details Charm and convenience combine in this lantern-style table lamp. The industrial design features a cage-like base, wrapped around seeded glass, with an Edison bulb to light your way during the nighttime hours. A handsome burlap shade sits atop the design in a streamlined drum shape. Shop all Franklin Iron Works 31" high x 10" wide round base x 19 3/4" from bottom of shade to tabletop. Shade only is 16" across the top, 18" across the bottom, 11" on the slant. Takes one 150 watt medium base bulb (not included); comes with one 25 watt Edison bulb for built-in nightlight. Bronze finish, clear seeded lantern glass body, burlap drum shade. Use in an industrial or farmhouse style decor. $249.99 Q & A Powered by TurnTo Questions that need answers | My Posts Start typing your question and we'll check if it was already asked and answered. Learn More Cancel Browse 1 question Browse 1 question and 4 answers Sort by Most Common Sort by Most Answers Sort by Fewest Answers Sort by Most Recent Question Sort by Oldest Question what is the height of the lamp shade? Angela H on Jun 14, 2017 BEST ANSWER: The height of the lampshade itself is 11". The height of the lamp overall, including the lampshade, is 30.5". Reply Inaccurate DAVID M on Jun 14, 2017 Purchased on Dec 30, 2016 Hide answers Add Answer Answer I Have This Question Too (1) 0 BEST ANSWER: The height of the lampshade itself is 11". The height of the lamp overall, including the lampshade, is 30.5". Reply Inaccurate DAVID M on Jun 14, 2017 Purchased on Dec 30, 2016 0 Hi, the height of the lamp shade is almost exactly 11 inches. Hope this helps! Gina Reply Inaccurate Gina O on Jun 15, 2017 Purchased on Jul 7, 2016 0 The shade is 11 1/4" inches so the height of the lamp overall is 30". Reply Inaccurate Michael T on Jun 14, 2017 Purchased on Jul 9, 2016 0 11 1/4" high Reply Inaccurate Helen Q on Jun 15, 2017 Purchased on Jul 5, 2016 Vote for the best answer above! Questions For Similar Products Customer Reviews Review This Item For a Chance to Win $500.00 ! view rules Powered by TurnTo Review More Purchases | My Posts 4.9 / 5.0 24 Reviews 5 Stars 4 Stars 3 Stars 2 Stars 1 Stars 21 3 0 0 0 Sort by Most Helpful Sort by Most Recent Review Sort Highest to Lowest Sort Lowest to Highest Unique, Industrial-style Lamp This is a gorgeous lamp that is very unique. It is a nice transitional piece that works will with Eclectic, Country or Industrial-themed decor. It's been a fabulous conversation piece. The only draw-back is that the Edison bulb is somewhat bright as an accent, but that issue can be resolved by installing lower wattage. It illuminates well and also has a nice feature fpr the glass base to be a nightlight. Pros: Good Size, Artistic Design, Well Built, Area of Illumination Best Uses: Decoration, Reading, Dark Corners, Living Room Was this review helpful? Yes (7) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate February 5, 2014 SueBee Was this review helpful? Yes (7) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Great light for a beach house I bought two of these lights to use on end tables next to a king size bed in the master bedroom of my beach house. They blend in perfectly with a ceiling fan with light in the same room. I love the night light as well as the total look of the light. I always go for an unusual look not one you see everywhere and these lights fit the bill. Pros: Good Looking, Eye catching Was this review helpful? Yes (4) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate October 22, 2014 Beachy Was this review helpful? Yes (4) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love the 2 bulb feature!! I use the table lamp and the floor lamp in my livingroom and it looks elegant. I use the lower light for ambience and I use the bright, upper light to read. Pros: Very stylish, Easy to Clean, Well Built, Area of Illumination, Artistic Design, Good Size Cons: NONE Best Uses: Bedside, Living Room, Reading Was this review helpful? Yes (4) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate April 25, 2015 Lewis Was this review helpful? Yes (4) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love the rustic look! Arrived in timely manner, packaged well. Pros: Area of Illumination, Artistic Design Cons: Difficult to Change Bulb Was this review helpful? Yes (4) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate January 3, 2014 Ace Girl Was this review helpful? Yes (4) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love it Wanted to change the look in my family room. The recessed lighting was not conducive to reading and not warm and welcoming. This lamp is prefect. Its great to read by. It makes the room seem very warm and cozy. Everyone loves this lamp. Pros: Artistic Design, Well Built, Easy to Clean, Good Size, Area of Illumination Best Uses: Decoration, Living Room, Reading Was this review helpful? Yes (3) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate February 1, 2014 Mom the reader Was this review helpful? Yes (3) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Beautiful lamp & terrific service Delivered in the stated amount of time. Package was in good condition and the lamp was well packed. In fact, lamp was purchased as a gift and, due to illness, we had to send onto Atlanta from Texas and it arrived there in good condition too. Pros: Large Lamp Consider Use, Easy to Clean, Well Built, Artistic Design Best Uses: Decoration, Living Room Was this review helpful? Yes (2) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate January 17, 2015 Longhorn Was this review helpful? Yes (2) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Completes the room. Delivery was very prompt and everything was packaged well, no problems. Pros: Well Built, Good Size, Artistic Design Best Uses: Living Room, Reading, Decoration Was this review helpful? Yes (2) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate April 19, 2015 Cardudette Was this review helpful? Yes (2) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate nice lamp very solid heavy lamp...very distintctive looking...only complaint is that bulb on the bottom hangs at somewhat of an angle instead of straight down Pros: Good Size, Artistic Design Cons: Difficult to Clean, Difficult to Change Bulb Was this review helpful? Yes (2) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate April 17, 2015 Dr Jeff Was this review helpful? Yes (2) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate i would buy this product 4 my mom Lamp came in perfect shape & was well packed . Pros: Artistic Design, Area of Illumination, Well Built, Good Size, Easy to Clean Best Uses: Reading, Living Room Was this review helpful? Yes (1) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate August 29, 2015 bernie Was this review helpful? Yes (1) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Large and awesome table lamp for an Industrial look! There was a large crack in the glass body of one of the lamps when it arrived (it happens). Lamps Plus immediately authorized me to exchange it and provided me with a prepaid label for shipping. Couldn't be easier. Excellent customer service, at a time when many companies seem to not understand the term. Thank you Lamps Plus for a job well done! Pros: Well Built, Good Size, Area of Illumination, Artistic Design Best Uses: Living Room, Reading, Bedside Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate September 4, 2016 CJ Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate I would purchase again if I had a bigger place I absolutely love this Lantern lamp. I'm super obsessed with lanterns, so I thought it would be stunning to see this in my space. I was right! I get so many compliments on this lamp the only other lamp that receives more compliments is another lamp I also purchased from lamps plus. It's from the same brand too. This lamp has 3 setting. You can turn on the bottom level that holds the Edison bulb (included). The second setting turn on the top level (you have to get a bulb for that) . The 3rd setting turns on both bulbs. I love the options. Pros: Well Built, Artistic Design, Easy to Clean, Area of Illumination, Good Size Best Uses: Decoration, Dark Corners, Living Room Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate September 21, 2016 Michelle Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate I Love this Lamp! I love this lamp! It is such a unique style that when I saw it I had to purchase it. It also helped that it was on sale. Pros: Artistic Design, Area of Illumination, Well Built, Good Size Best Uses: Living Room, Reading Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate September 24, 2016 Nickelette Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate LOVE this lamp! Love this lamp! Combines all my favorites, metal, seeded glass, burlap, edison bulb! LOVE! Have an old farmhouse with an farm/industrial feel. This lamp is perfect. We use the night light almost every night when we are watching tv for easy on the viewing watching light. Gorgeous glow from the edison bulb! It is a very large table lamp, so it needs to go on a decent sized side table. It is heavy and does not get knocked over easily as some other cheap lamps I have had. A crazy cat dog chase across the table it is on, has not even budged it. If your on the fence about this one. Go for it, you won't be disappointed! Pros: Good Size, Area of Illumination, Well Built, Easy to Clean, Artistic Design Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate September 28, 2016 mama tozz Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Beautifful lamp! Great packing and quick delivery. Pros: Well Built, Artistic Design, Good Size, Area of Illumination Best Uses: Living Room, Decoration, Reading Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate September 30, 2016 Rustic Industrial girl Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Vintage with a Twist I love the versatility of this lamp - a night light or a room light. The shade balances the style of both traditional & industrial. Really nice lamp. Pros: Well Built, Good Size, Easy to Clean, Area of Illumination, Artistic Design Best Uses: Dark Corners, Decoration, Living Room, Reading Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate October 9, 2016 OO307 Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love,love,love this lamp. The perfect industrial look. It's perfect! Pros: Area of Illumination, Good Size, Artistic Design, Well Built Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate October 13, 2016 Ssandy6738 Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love my new lamps-highly recommend for purchase. Prompt delivery, packaging in excellent condition. Pros: Artistic Design, Good Size, Well Built, Area of Illumination Cons: Might be a little hard to clean. Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate October 15, 2016 Terry Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love the lamp...it truly makes the living room The lamp is used in my living room Pros: Artistic Design, Area of Illumination, Good Size, Well Built Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate January 6, 2017 Cyn Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love it!!! Using in the family room! Compliments from everyone that sees it Pros: Well Built, Good Size Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate January 7, 2017 Keri Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Love this lamp I bought two of these for my living room. They look great. Pros: Well Built, Artistic Design Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate January 12, 2017 Donna Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Good quality but Bib Even though I ordered these lamps during the holidays the delivery time was just as stated. Pros: Easy to Clean, Well Built, Artistic Design, Area of Illumination Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate January 13, 2017 doderr Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Met every expectiona we had. Love the nightlight. The lamps were delivered in perfect condition. Pros: Easy to Clean, Artistic Design, Area of Illumination, Good Size, Well Built Best Uses: Reading, Bedside, Living Room Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate January 16, 2017 Grandma Barb Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate First Purchase from Lamps Plus The lamp came when we were told it would come. It seemed to be a long time from order to delivery but I might be spoiled by other company's one or two day deliveries. The lamp arrived just fine. Pros: Artistic Design, Area of Illumination, Good Size, Well Built Best Uses: Dark Corners, Living Room Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate February 6, 2017 Evgal Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Unique! Luckily I got this lamp on sale. Otherwise I think it is too pricy as it is LampsPlus design not a well known designer. Good height and the linen shade is rustic and compliments the industrial base well. Very hard to clean the glass though due to the bars. Pros: Area of Illumination, Artistic Design, Good Size Cons: Difficult to Clean Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate July 28, 2016 Shelly Was this review helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Flag as Inappropriate Reviews for Similar Products Customers Also Viewed Franklin Iron Works Norris Metal Arc Table Lamp Add a stylish and refined touch of detail ... Quickview Franklin Iron Works Norris Metal Arc Table Lamp Add a stylish and refined touch of detail and presence to any tabletop with the addition of this industrial metal arc table lamp. More Details Close Hobie Bronze Nightlight Cage Table Lamp A charming nightlight table lamp with an open ... Quickview Hobie Bronze Nightlight Cage Table Lamp A charming nightlight table lamp with an open cage design in a warm bronze finish topped with a tapered drum lamp shade. More Details Close Maison Loft Antique Brass Table Lamp Add a stylish accent to an end table ... Quickview Maison Loft Antique Brass Table Lamp Add a stylish accent to an end table or console table with this antique brass table lamp topped with a cream linen lamp shade. More Details Close Maxine Open Font Table Lamp Create a rustic, welcoming atmosphere in the room ... Quickview Maxine Open Font Table Lamp Create a rustic, welcoming atmosphere in the room with the warm bronze finish of this traditional table lamp. More Details Close Related Searches: franklin iron works desk lamps, maison loft hammered pot table lamp, metal scroll medallion table lamp, taos large rectangular slate table lamp, franklin iron works office, zion tapered slate table lamp Back To Top *Free Shipping applies only to orders shipping to the 48 continental United States or to Canada that qualify and meet the minimum purchase requirement; standard shipping only and select products excluded, including freight and oversized items. Free Returns valid on select items in United States only; does not apply to freight, clearance, Daily Sale, designs with giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, or certain items with designer shades. Sign Up for Lamps Plus Coupons, Offers and Sale Alerts Email Settings Our Company About Lamps Plus Contact Us Trade Program Careers Privacy Policy Our Stores Store Locator Workshops Installation Services In-Home Consultations Store Coupons New Homeowner Savings Help Customer Service Order Status FAQs Return Policy Shipping Information Manage Account Resources Blog Advice & Tips Catalogs Site Map Terms of Use CA Transparency Act Lamps Plus Professionals Lamps Plus Hospitality Lighting The Nation’s Largest Lighting Retailer | © Lamps Plus, Inc. All rights reserved. Pinterest Instagram Facebook Twitter Houzz Google + Youtube Your JavaScript is not enabled! You have either disabled JavaScript or are using an older browser that does not support it. Because of this, you will not be able to view our web pages or use our site features. In order to browse our site, please turn on JavaScript in your browser settings or upgrade your browser version. Free Shipping on Most Orders And Only $5.00 Shipping on Orders $49.00 and Under Plus Free Returns on 1000s of Products Terms & Conditions apply 1365C /products/industrial-lantern-table-lamp-with-night-light__2v218.html
