Medium – Read, write and share stories that matter Homepage Write a storySign in / Sign up Get started Get started Home Popular on Medium Audio Members only Handpicked by Medium staff Technology Creativity Entrepreneurship Culture Self Politics Bookmarks Home to unique ideas from the world’s smart minds. Hear directly from the people who know it best. From tech to politics to creativity and more — whatever your interest, we’ve got you covered. Get startedLearn more Today’s Top Storiesmore Week 37: Experts in authoritarianism advise to keep a list of things subtly changing around you, so… July 29, 2017 Amy Siskind Jul 30 This teen stalker stole Queen Victoria’s panties and lived in Buckingham Palace chimneys for a year The cops had no idea what to do with the notorious Boy Jones Stephanie Buck Jul 26 Self-driving cars will affect everything you know Here’s three overlooked areas that will bring new opportunities. Aniket Patel Jul 26 Apple is about to do something their programmers definitely don’t want. Apple spent $5 billion on a beautiful new office, Apple Park. So it’s amazing they’re about to make an extremely costly, avoidable mistake… Anil Dash Jul 28 Audiomore Audio available The Surprisingly Technical Process of Designing a Tabletop Game Welcome to Episode 2 of Wonky and Technical. This time, I sit down with game designer and entrepreneur Heath Robinson to talk about War of… Asher Stephenson in Wonky & Technical Jul 26 Audio available The Lady of the House Lucy sat at the breakfast table with her sister, Nettie, lingering over a pot of tea and toast with marmalade. Patches of wintery sunlight… Leslie Pietrzyk in Reversing the River Jul 28 Audio available Sublime Paranoia He wrote a brief letter to Mariposita on a Casino Paradiza Infiniti postcard: KOOL A.D. in Aztec Yoga Jul 28 Audio available Audiocast: The Good Lawyers vs. the Parasites! Three Cheers for EFF Rob Reid in After On Jul 28 Members onlymore Medium members only Superstar DJ David Guetta on how he built his hedonistic brand Over sea bass in Ibiza, the EDM legend explains how making money was his rebellion The Financial Times Jul 30 Medium members only A China Card for the Middle East What the region needs is a new framework for diplomacy — one with the strong backing of a new, non-Western mediator. Project Syndicate Jul 28 Medium members only Logic 1 — Obamacare repeal 0 Republican healthcare efforts collapse under weight of their own contradictions The Financial Times Jul 28 Audio available The Lady of the House Lucy sat at the breakfast table with her sister, Nettie, lingering over a pot of tea and toast with marmalade. Patches of wintery sunlight… Leslie Pietrzyk in Reversing the River Jul 28 Handpicked by Medium Staffmore Behind the Scenes of Last Night’s Health Care Vote Last night was an historic moment in the U.S. Senate. One that wouldn’t have been possible without so many of your calls, emails, protests… Senator Chris Murphy Jul 28 Medium members only Superstar DJ David Guetta on how he built his hedonistic brand Over sea bass in Ibiza, the EDM legend explains how making money was his rebellion The Financial Times Jul 30 I quit my career and wrote a bad novel No. Really. It was awful. Christopher May Jul 30 Forget Comic Sans. Mistral Is the Typeface You Should Love to Hate Mistral is rampantly misused, outdated, and tacky. It’s also due for a resurgence. John Brownlee Jul 24 The Walk Home Dear one, it will Hurt. And maybe for a long time. You will Not sleep. You will do things like Eat an entire cake in one afternoon. Find… Nina Szarka Jul 9 Technologymore What’s Next for Personal Computing Every year computer ease deeper into our everyday lives. Traffic lights and water pitchers pack tiny computers to form an entire internet… Ab Jul 26 Medium members only Why Automakers and Dealers Shoot Themselves in the Foot over Electric Cars Is big auto still sabotaging itself when it comes to selling electric cars? Alison Moodie in Everything You Need To Know About Buying An Electric Car Jul 28 The next major platform A framework for predicting the next big trend Ceci Stallsmith Jul 27 Apple’s refusal to support Progressive Web Apps is a detriment to future of the web Progressive Web Applications (PWAs) are one of the most exciting and innovative things happening in web development right now. PWA’s enable… Greg Blass Jul 24 Tesla Model 3: A big milestone for Tesla and EVs Tesla started deliveries of its Model 3 Friday July 28, 2017 at its event. It gave the keys of the first 30 units. Juan Manuel Perez Debrand Jul 29 Creativitymore My Strangest Day of Writing. The job was to write a website for Harley-Davidson during the chaos of the dot-com meltdown. It felt like trying to outrun an exploding… Sheldon Clay Jul 26 Hacking Creativity: How Play Is Crucial To Your Success Today we’ve become obsessed with ‘life-hacks’ — shortcuts that allow you to perform an action or reach a goal with the least amount of… Callum Alexander Jul 24 The Age of The Creative Merriam Webster defines creativity as: the ability to transcend traditional ideas, rules, patterns, relationships, or the like, and to… Ian D. Jul 27 Confessions of a Content Creator: I Don’t Care About Data Editor’s note: Unthinkable shares stories about conventional thinking at work and the people who dare to question it. iOS users can… Jay Acunzo Jul 26 Why You Should Care About Your Writing Style Your writing style says a lot about who you are. It either draws people in and compels them to read more, or it chases them away. Copywriter Matt Jul 10 Entrepreneurshipmore 4 Key Financial Metrics That All Startups Should Measure More than 90% of all startups ultimately fail. Josiah Humphrey Jul 30 Why Your Tiny Startup Needs a Code of Conduct & How to Write One Don’t be Uber. Write a code of conduct. Andrea Barrica Jul 27 Unforced startup errors Lessons learned from jumping full-time into the deep end of starting a company. Vineet Thanedar Jul 24 Trying to be a Naive Entrepreneur again Don’t let your experience get in the way of starting a company Robbie Allen Jul 26 Baptism by Fire 5 Essential Tips from a Startup Veteran Susanna Camp Jul 28 Culturemore Ataribox: Did Atari Do The Math? Current gaming content is what we all want and it looks as though Atari wants it, too. Pionic Jul 25 Daenerys does what queens do, and stumbles along the way In the last 6 seasons of “Game of Thrones”, we’ve heard Daenerys’ desire to rule. But what kind of ruler will she be? Rachel Hatzipanagos Jul 24 A conversation with Helena Bonham Carter While on a long bus ride driving through the one section of New York that looks the least like New York (full of nothing but highways and… Kasey Rae Jul 26 Does Fashion Struggle with Masculinity? Are designers making apparel that speaks to contemporary notions of male beauty, or are they falling short? India Doyle Jul 25 This Is Why Elevator Rides Are Dripping With Sexual Tension Going down? Angella d’Avignon Jul 28 Selfmore How to Be Enough “A man is happy until he asks himself this question: Todd Brison Jul 25 On Sabbaticals, Goals, the Future, and Finding Happiness Why everyone who can afford to do it should take some time to figure out their lives. Cory Zue Jul 13 When Life Hands You Crap Don’t Negotiate — Navigate Life is bound to hand you crap, it’s inevitable… S Lynn Knight Jul 25 Audio available How to Be a Better Manager by Understanding the Difference Between Market Norms and Social Norms Here’s how your team actually wants to be motivated Christopher Sowers Jul 26 Adopt The 10x Mindset There are no absolutes in life. And there are no givens. Everything is up for grabs. Most people dream of accomplishing something… Thomas Oppong Jul 19 Politicsmore The Handmaid’s Tale Is Told in Vain What’s the point of overtly political fiction if it doesn’t change the world? Giulia Blasi Jul 21 Single Payer is Making Us the Stupid Party Democrats have a golden opportunity to make real improvements to Obamacare. Let’s not squander it by making single payer the hill we die on… Roy Delfino Jul 31 Everybody (Still) Hates Chelsea Clinton As Clinton’s Hannah Arendt tweet shows, there’s one thing the right and left can agree on: They loathe the former First Daughter Miles Klee Jul 31 How the GOP became the party of Putin By: James Kirchick The Brookings Institution Jul 30 What Good Are Expletives? They don’t necessarily get the job done lizadonnelly Jul 30 Getting startedHelpStatusBlogCareersPrivacyTermsAbout
