1111 Designs 415-789-6475 [email protected] Portfolio Introduction Services Posts Contact & Rates  Introduction Services Portfolio Contact & Rates Creative, thoughtful, timely…everything I hope for when when working with a graphic designer. Bryan is able to convert even my most vague ideas into highly relevant, professional design. He consistently delivers for me and for my clients, which is why I keep coming back. Jim McVety Managing Partner, First Step Advisors Bryan has created multiple designs for me, and he’s relentless when it comes to delivering exactly what you want. He took the time to get to know me, my aesthetics and preferences. While he always brings that in so as to remain consistent with my brand, he also adds in his own creativity and pizzazz oftentimes resulting in a final product that has a lot of energy and impact. I’m hesitant to share him with others — but if you’re looking for design work — he’s your guy! Rachel Grant Principal, Rachel Grant Coaching Welcome to 1111 Designs. We are a top provider of graphic and web design services to leading companies in the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond. We’ve worked with financial service specialists, attorneys, academic consultants, national speakers, interior designers, life coaches, non-profit service providers and startups of all kinds. Our work includes projects of all sizes, from design of a basic business card to a full company rebranding. We specialize in graphic and web design, and development on the WordPress platform. Place your brand amongst the very best by entrusting all of your graphic and web design projects to 1111 Designs. You will not be disappointed! Bryan Alexander Principal, 1111 Designs Services Graphic Design Online and print graphics Business systems Decks and sell sheets Keynote and Powerpoint presentations Posters, banners, and flyers Menus, price sheets, and newsletters Web Design WordPress development Website customization Plugin integration Online store integration Site security and management Tweak/revitalize existing sites Original Content Print and online advertisement copy Mailchimp newsletters Copy for blogs and social media Product descriptions Sales copy Service descriptions and key item highlighting Marketing Branding and rebranding Website SEO Social media management Facebook ads Google AdWords Google Analytics Bryan has been a fantastic resource as we have grown the business. Responsive, creative and diligent, Bryan had been incredibly reliable as our outsourced IT team. When we made the decision to revamp our website, he was patient with our questions and delivered a superior product. Tanya Ponton CEO, 5 Hundred Words College Essay Consultants I’m so grateful to have Bryan’s creative, marketing-savvy eye on my business. He’s created a number of logos for me, adapts respectfully to my requests but also delights me with artful ideas that I could never have thought of myself. I’m so glad he’s my graphics guy and right-hand-man. Gretchen Wegner Owner, Gretchen Wegner Academic Life Coaching Bryan is phenomenal to work with! I worked with him on several small scale projects when I was at Girls Who Code and also as a freelance consultant in need of visual design prowess for various clients. Bryan is super-creative, a great communicator, fast and a joy to work with.  I can’t wait to hire him over and over again! Susan Nesbitt Consultant, Girls Who Code Portfolio Following are selections from my design portfolio. Select a category from the choices below to just those types of projects. Click on any icon to see the full image and project details. All cover art invitation logo marketing material photoshop/retouch postcard/business card poster presentation web graphic website Teach With Africa invitation, video San Francisco Tour Guide Guild website Fresh Spaces 2.0 website Incite to Leadership marketing material, web graphic, website Awaken Your Body 14-Day Challenge marketing material, website Team Photo +1 photoshop/retouch Leade.rs presentation CT3 marketing material, postcard/business card Bryan helps me with Photoshop and graphic work and we communicate through email as I live on the other side of the country. He has fast turn around, quotes reasonable prices, and does quality work. I also trust his opinion and suggestions. He is easy to communicate with, and is open to criticism and/or revisions. A definite recommendation! Nicole Macdonald Artist, The Detroit Portrait Series Bryan is a creative genius! He single-handedly redesigned my tired old website into a new, exciting, interactive and fabulous creation. I could not have been more pleased.  He is my go-to web advisor, manager and tech guru. He is a pleasure to work with. I live on the East coast and have found Bryan to be extremely timely, understanding, supportive and affordable. He also created 2 different graphic logos I needed for a separate project- and nobody could have nailed them as perfectly as Bryan.  I feel lucky to know him. I highly recommend Bryan as long as he still has time for me! Sarah Schain Owner, The Yoga Fairy Contact & Rates Bryan Alexander Principal Bryan Alexander is the force behind 1111 Designs. He has a long history of successful projects completed on time and under budget. He and his team are able to manage design projects of all scopes and sizes. Contact us today to find out how we can best service your web and graphic design needs. Contact Name Email Address Message Submit Graphic & Web Design $75/hour All work is billed in 15 minute increments. Half of a project’s estimated cost is due in advance with the balance due at the scheduled end date of the project. Please inquire regarding flat rate options and hourly rates for training and IT/networking assistance. Portfolio Introduction Services Posts Contact & Rates Facebook Twitter Google Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
