123.hp.com/setup & Install Printers | Guide HP ePrint Setup 123.hp.com/setup HP Envy Envy4500 Envy 4510 Envy4512 Envy4516 Envy 4520 Envy5640 More Envy Printer… HP Officejet Oj4650 Oj4652 Oj4655 Oj4656 Oj5740 Oj5745 More Officejet Printer… HP Officejet Pro OjPro6230 OjPro6830 OjPro6835 OjPro6960 OjPro6962 OjPro6968 More Officejet Pro Printer… HP Deskjet Dj1112 Dj2130 dj2132 Dj2540 Dj3630 Dj3632 More Deskjet Printer… Our Policies About Us Terms and Policies Privacy Policy Refund Policy Disclaimer Contact Us 123 HP Setup Our Focus Setup & Install We provide step by step instructions on how to setup and install your HP printer. Our attention to detail and comprehensive manuals will get you going in no time. Printer Driver Installation It is essential to have your printer’s driver installed at the earliest. Follow our simple, thorough guidelines to get you started and do it all from the comfort of your home. Troubleshoot issues A one stop solution to bid goodbye to all your printer woes! Search and locate your specific issue, follow us step to step and have a hassle- free printing experience. Select Your Printer Model HP Envy Printers An affordable printer that caters to the needs of homes and offices Its reduced ink consumption without compromising on the print quality makes this printer the go-to choice. More Printers HP Officejet Printers We know how imperative it is that that report goes out TODAY! Get the 123.hp.com/setup HP Officejet printer offering lightning fast prints and helping you meet targets at the workplace. More Printers HP Officejet Pro Printers A resourceful printer, perfect for today’s machine bound age, it offers options to print using Wireless or using your mobile device. Swift and svelte, this printer is perfect for those on the go. More Printers HP Deskjet Printers A compact printer manufactured to fit in small places that facilitates Wireless printing to enable printing from anywhere. This reliable printer provides quality over long periods. More Printers 123.hp.com Provide Solution For ? 123 HP Configuring ePrint or iPrint In today’s fast-paced world, people walk on wheels and most of our work is essentially carried out on our mobile devices or tablets. Standard of work has become digital and paperwork is a fast dying concept Read More.. 123 HP Printer Troubleshooting We understand how frustrating it is when your print job is not satisfactory or worse, not happening. That is why we have come up with specific solutions that cater to the needs of each individual customer Read More.. 123 HP Printer Driver Installation It is important to download the appropriate driver and software when setting up your printer. Follow our simple set of instructions and get your printer equipped in no time. We offer to download and installation Read More.. 123 HP Frequent Paper Jams A sudden break during a print job may occur as a result of jammed paper. The printer’s control panel will display the error message Paper Jam and may sometimes provide instructions on how to remove the same Read More.. 123 HP Ink Cartridge Problem An error message may sometimes be displayed during a print job after the print cartridge has been installed. The error message displayed may be similar or identical to the ones mentioned below based on the printer Read More.. 123 HP Tips for Safe use Ensure that you follow the safety guidelines given below to have a trouble-free printing experience. If your printer has suddenly stopped printing, make sure the printer has paper Read More.. Why Choose 123 HP Setup Professional Staff’s Our highly experienced staff are accomplished at offering professional, technical assistance to help you have a breezy printing experience. Quick Responce Our technical experts work round the clock to give you swift, speedy responses when you require support. Elegant Solution We have put together an able team to provide you with sophisticated and straightforward solutions to all your printing problems. 123 HP Provide Solution For ? Windows We provide servicing choices, software and driver installation, troubleshooting information and instruction manuals for Windows Vista, Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10 Macintosh Our team has constructed exclusive guides for Mac users concerning driver or software installation, servicing and troubleshooting. The guides are applicable for all updated versions of Apple products. Smartphone Regardless of your smartphone being Android or Apple, we offer aid in installing the HP eprint app and further printing documents, photos and more from your smartphone. 123 HP Printer Setup & Install Discard all packing materials from the box and remove your printer from the box. Eprint enables multiple computers to connect to a single printer, but users can restrict access accordingly. This not only qualifies HP as an economical printer, it does all this without compromising on security. Remove all package material and tape from under the scanner glass and elevate the ink cartridge slightly until it clicks into place. Pull out the paper tray to remove all package material and gently shove the paper tray back into place. Connect your printer to an electrical outlet to switch it on. Choose your preferences and click on OK. Pull out the paper tray towards yourself, lift the paper catch and move the paper width guidelines to the farthest ends. Feed fresh new sheets and align the paper width guides along their edges leaving no gap. Shove the paper tray gently till it clicks into place. Fix the ink cartridges in the ink cartridge slot making sure not to touch the electrical contacts. Print the alignment page and scan it by placing it on the scanner glass along the engraved guidelines, to align the cartridges. After setting up the hardware, install the printing software by downloading it from our customer support webpage. 123 HP Wi-Fi Protected Setup How WPS Work ? Wi-Fi protected setup or WPS has two methods to establish a wireless connection between devices- using a PIN or the Pushbutton. The instructions given below will help establish a connection using Pushbutton. Refer your printer’s instruction manual before you start. Confirm that both your router and your printer model support WPS. Check their manuals to be sure. There has to be a physical WPS button present on the router. Please note that if WPS or no security is used, your router will not connect. It is mandatory that you use WPA or WPA2. Change the default network name given by the manufacturer and enable security to establish a connection with your WPS router. Refer your printer’s manual and initiate the WPS Pushbutton mode on your printer. Wait for two minutes and press the WPS button on your router. 123 HP CD Driver Installation 123 HP Software Driver CD Install (Window) Insert your product’s software CD to start the installation. Select Start followed by Computer and double click on Setup.exe. To complete installation, follow the instructions provide on screen. Make sure to check the ‘I have reviewed and accept the installation agreements and settings.’ on the Installation Agreements and Settings screen displayed. Click Finish to complete installation on the Install complete screen. 123 HP Software Driver CD Install (MAC) Connect your computer and printer using a USB cable, ensure no other programs are running. Insert your product’s software CD into the CD driver of your computer Locate the HP software disc icon and double click on it. Double click on the HP installer icon and select your product Use the instructions provided on the screen to finish the installation 123 HP Fixing Printer Issues 123 HP Windows 10 printer problems! Ensure that all updates were installed by checking under the Device installation settings. Select the HP Print and Scan doctor and click on Fix Printing. If the problem persists then click on Network and then Troubleshoot Firewalls. Check your printer’s status under the Printers and Scanners tab and ensure the Let Windows manage my default printer tab is on Restart your printer and reinstall your printer software. Use a USB cable to connect your printer. 123 HP Ink Level Check For Windows, locate HP Solution Center and for Mac select the Supply Levels tab under Printers and Scanners. Use the Print and Scan doctor or the printer’s control panel to check ink levels. Print a printer report or a Self-Test page to get the supply status. Open the AIO Remote app on your smartphone and select your printer Select the Printer Settings or the Supplies Status icon for ink level information. What Customer Says about 123 HP Setup The simple approach at 123 HP Setup to resolving printer related issues and their elaborate guidelines make them the go- to choice Ellie Their swift and timely responses and patient technical support team make it a whole lot easier on us Andrew 123 HP Setup is perfect for technology cripples like me. It’s well guided and stress- free James Search Printer Model Search for: You have any further Printer models please search above. Top Printers Deskjet 3755 Deskjet 3752 Deskjet 3630 Deskjet 2130 Important Menu Envy 4500 Envy 4520 Deskjet 3755 Deskjet 3752 Officejet 3830 Officejet 4620 Officejet 4650 Quick Technical Support For Technical Support Ring @ Toll Free 1 888-224-4280 Click here to get Technical Support Disclaimer 123hp-setup.com website is an independent service provider aiming to solve technical issues related Printers. The names, brands, images, trademarks and products are used for reference and we do not claim any ownership, right to, affiliation with, or endorsement by, any such third parties unless stated. 123.hp.com/setup Copyright © 2017 - 2018 123hp-setup.com | All right are reserved HP Setup
