Home | Virtual Basketball League Skip Navigation Home Welcome Guest. Please Login or Register. Virtual Basketball League Home Sign Ups League Sign Ups Staff Sign Ups Staff Application Staff Job Descriptions Rules and Constitution Rules The Staff Weekly Lineups East Teams West Teams Media Center League Leaders Media Articles Standings and Power Rankings Scouting Department Scouting Department Player's Lounge File a Complaint Retirement Player's Lounge Shoutbox Welcome to the VBL! Sign up today! Click S1 Sign Ups at the top of screen to sign up for a position! We need everyone to do this. The faster it's done the faster we can start! gaabageassassin: Hi Feb 16, 2016 21:57:26 GMT -5 gaabageassassin: Feb 16, 2016 21:57:39 GMT -5 News WELCOME TO THE VBL !! Sign up for the VBL today! 5V5 2K Team UP League We are on XB1 !!! We are looking for Owners if interested full out application. Feel free to use the chat box to get games together and ask questions If Anybody Interested in Joining our Media Team, We are Recruiting We are recruiting for staff as well! Total players signed up: ....update Sign Ups Board Threads Posts Last Post League Sign Ups Sign up for the VBL here Sub-board: Staff Sign Ups 2 7 Rules and Constitution Board Threads Posts Last Post Rules The VBL League rules are posted here. 1 1 The Staff All staff members will be listed here with there job titles. 1 2 Weekly Lineups Board Threads Posts Last Post East Teams All East lineups posted here. 1 1 West Teams All West lineups posted here. 1 1 Media Center Board Threads Posts Last Post League Leaders All league leaders will be here. Moderators: League Council, Global Moderator, Media Team 1 1 Media Articles Articles that come straight from the Media team members. 3 7 Standings and Power Rankings All standings and power rankings will be posted here 2 2 Scouting Department Board Threads Posts Last Post Scouting Department Teams can post scouting threads here 1 1 Player's Lounge Board Threads Posts Last Post File a Complaint If you are looking to file a complaint about anything come here. 1 1 Retirement Post here if you are looking to retire from the VBL. 3 3 Player's Lounge Players can post their own articles about the league here! Moderator: TorTuGa 3 4 Legend New Posts No New Posts Click here to remove banner ads from this forum.This Forum Is Hosted For FREE By ProBoards Get Your Own Free Forum! Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Notice | FTC Disclosure | Report Abuse | Report Ad | Advertise Here
