AdFly - The URL shortener service that pays you! Earn money for every visitor to your links. You do not have JavaScript enabled. This site will have limited functionality. English Español Deutsch 中文 Português Français Russian (русский язык) Arabic(العربية) Thai (ไทย) Hindi (हिन्दी) Already have an account? Log In Adfly Shrink! Copy Do Another!   Get paid to share your links on the Internet! Register for an account and start shrinking. Get paid for every person who visits your URLs. Place your links on Facebook, Twitter, and more! Join Now Login or learn more about AdF.ly Safe Advertising All advertising is strictly family-safe with no popups. Anti-virus and malware servers are scanning the adverts 24/7. Advertisers Pay for real visitors on your website, our comprehensive fraud filters ensures high quality traffic. Campaigns start at only $5. Low Minimum Payout You are required to earn only $5 before you will be paid. We can pay all users via their PayPal or Payoneer. Statistics Detailed statistics are provided per link. Allowing you at a glance see the amount you've earned, referring URLs and countries. API Easy-to-use API that allows your website, widget or app to create an AdF.ly link instantly and securely. Website Scripts We offer a selection of simple to install scripts, now you can easily get paid for every visitor who comes to your website. Alexis from Uruguay says... Thanks AdF.ly I am currently unemployed and thanks to AdF.ly I can earn some money every month using my website! Links clicked today: 9 , 0 4 8 , 3 8 1 Users registered: 5 , 3 7 3 , 9 0 7 Advertising Payout Rates DMCA Abuse Privacy Terms Knowledge Base Contact Forum Paypal Payoneer Payza Please fill out the form to register for your free AdF.ly account. Your Name: Username: Email: Retype Email: Account Type: Link Shrinker: Create shortened URLs and earn money Advertiser: Pay to advertise your website on adf.ly Password: Retype Password: Human Check:  I agree to the terms and conditions. Join  AdChoices This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.
