Android Super User Tutorial Home About Us Contact Us Drivers GApps Privacy Policy Sitemap Android Tutorial Make your android phone better Home About Us Contact Us Drivers GApps Privacy Policy Sitemap You are here: Home List of HTC ONE M8 Custom ROM with Download Link February 17, 2017 by android Leave a Comment HTC has been regularly updating the handset with firmware updates, it is likely that many One M8 users would have gotten bored with Sense UI by now and are looking for a change. Thankfully, the One M8 is a very popular phone in the Android community, which means that there is no death of custom ROMs for it. Plus, unlike Samsung devices, unlocking the boot loader and rooting the … [Read more...] How To Install HTC ONE M8 Marshmallow Custom ROM February 17, 2017 by android Leave a Comment How To Install Marshmallow Custom ROMs on HTC One M8 Download the custom ROM  of your choice from above first. Then check the link below to guide on installing a custom ROM. Be sure to also download and install Marshmallow Gapps from here, and choose Gapps for Android 6 Marshmallow. Make sure you have installed a custom recovery like TWRP or CWM. With Stock recovery, it … [Read more...] Install TurboROM HTC ONE M8 Custom ROM ( How To ) February 17, 2017 by android Leave a Comment TurboROM is a custom Android ROM based on the latest Android Marshmallow (6.0.1_r22). Sourced from a straight AOSP/CAF base, the ROM is now extremely have feature rich and has lots of customization options. This ROM has many customization options and possible while still being stable. In addition, the ROM uses RRO/Layers for theming with full DayNight support. SuperSU is … [Read more...] Unlock Bootloader HTC ONE M8 Verizon February 15, 2017 by android Leave a Comment This Verizon HTC ONE M8 bootloader unlock method is more conservative and more straightforward to accomplish , it doesn't present a specific hazard, if not arrange your information segment (recollect to make a reinforcement of your records, photographs, sms, and so on) and this little statement that you need to acknowledge when HTC will send you the "token" (token) to open your … [Read more...] Step-by-Step Root HTC ONE M8 Sprint ( How To ) February 15, 2017 by android Leave a Comment To begin rooting HTC One M8 Sprint,  first you should install CWM/TWRP. So I should demonstrate to you the methodology to introduce CMW/TWRP first and after that I will continue to the second and last part where we figure out how to change the benefits to your android gadget. You will require a PC, your gadget and the standard USB link to follow all our step here. Flash … [Read more...] 1 2 3 … 89 Next Page » Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address E-Book Power Energy From Your Phone Event Planning Blueprint Easy Home Surveillance With Your Phone Cell Phone Resale Page e-Book Recent Comments sean on Unlock Bootloader For LG Optimus L9 At Official Jelly Bean Firmware /ijele on Unlock Bootloader For LG Optimus L9 At Official Jelly Bean Firmware Aishah Hassan on How To Install DXAME1 Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean Official Stock Firmware To Galaxy S Advance I9070P Henry on Unlock Bootloader For LG Optimus L9 At Official Jelly Bean Firmware malique on Unlock Bootloader For LG Optimus L9 At Official Jelly Bean Firmware Tags 4.0.4 4.1.1 4.1.2 4.2.1 4.2.2 10.1 ANDROID AOKP ASUS Bean best build CM10 CM10.1 Custom CyanOgenMod Download Firmware flash Galaxy Google Guide I9300 Install Jelly Jelly Bean Nexus Note Official part phone Play Recovery Review ROM’s Root Samsung Sony Tips Tutorial Update Verizon video Windows Xperia Categories Apps Design Reviews Guides Smartphone Tutorials Copyright © 2017 · Magazine Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
