Career Click Consultancy Welcome Buddy! Official Website of Career Click Consultancy! Designed by:- Career Click Home About Us Team Services Testimonial Contact WE CREATE YOUR FUTURE Jobseeker Panel SPECIALIZE IN CREATING PROFESSIONALS! Contact Us Who We Are? Career Click Consultancy is an Agra based placement consultancy firm, having an ultimate package of services for recruiters as well as jobseekers. When it comes to placement consultancy, we hold specialization in rendering effective solutions to clients’ variegated needs. Right from BFSI to Manufacturing and Hospitality to BPO/ IT/ ITES, we extend one of kinds services across multiple disciplines. Experiences What We Have Done? Thousands of Candidates are placed by us all over India in MNC's and FMCG's at attractive packages. Read More Our Mission What we want to do.? To leverage technology & business mix for enhancing value proposition to the customer. Read More Our Vision View Our Story To emerge as the prime and complete solutions & services provider in the field of recruitment. Read More Happy Clients What They Says The greatest quality of Abhilash is his speed. You ask for certain things in morning and he will deliver the same by end of the day... Read More We are group of professionals focused on making creative and innovative works We are Group of Professionals,having a unmatched record of providing best quality work in given requisition time. Our Vision To emerge as the prime and complete solutions & services provider in the field of recruitment offering state of art manpower placement and consultancy services for clients around the globe. Build relations into everlasting ones providing total customer satisfaction. To enable our clients to maximize their human capital investment within the changing needs and trends of the industry. Our Mission To address the client needs judiciously. To strive seamlessly for providing better customer satisfaction. To focus on technology & providing cost-effective services. To leverage technology & business mix for enhancing value proposition to the customer. To provide the right fit as per their business needs Ready To Rock? Career Click Consultancy core business has been the Recruitment of High Quality permanent and temporary staff for our clients. Our national branch network gives both candidates and clients Unparalleled Reach in the market and we are able to offer total recruitment solutions through our network of group companies and alliances. Through our validated methodology and processes, we understand our clients’ needs and are able to supply skilled, quality manpower. Our peerless benefits include a contract of employment, and free training so you can be assured of a quality service, reduced absenteeism, increased retention and greater efficiency. Come Rock with Us! Click Here Meet The Team We are having an panel of experts which makes us successful & differ from other consultants. Abhilash Agarwal Director What first separates a leader from a normal human being? A leader knows who they are as a human being. Suyash Agarwal Operation Manager Try not to take this the wrong way, but your brain is smarter than you are! Akash Agarwal Recruitment Head The first step to solving any problem is to accept one’s own accountability for creating it. Avi Goyal HR Manager The myth of management is that your personal values are irrelevant or inappropriate at work. FACTS 0 Line-Ups 0 Candidates Placed 0 Our Team 0 Our Clients Our Services We have with us excellent database for International Placements in all major areas of employment. Coordinating Coordinating with both client and candidate in smooth running of the process! Best Service Providing the most resourceful human resources at an optimal cost with in a specified time. Job Portals Maintaining best job portals & references, to provide good employment (recruitment) services to our clients! Our Skill Excellent Database Development Marketing Positive Attitude Innovation Supporting Contact Us Now TESTIMONIAL I highly recommend Abhilash Sir as a professional, diligent and extremely competent consultant who helped me find the right position and identified the key criteria I was looking for in my next role. Rajiv Shukla, Candidate Avi has been a great support to me and I have really appreciated all of his help. The position he placed me has now gone permanent and I am very pleased. Siddharth Jain, Candidate “I have been using Abhilash & his team's services and have always felt satisfied with the quality & quantity of options they generate within the required time frame. In short, he is an expert on area of my requirements, and delivers as per time limits set” Head HR Operations(HA GROUP),Client Its Really nice working with CCC team, You always have been a key Consultant in closing my critical position. Time & Quality are the two main factor for sourcing the right candidate and Needless to say, you have maintained that equation very well. I wish you All the best for your future. Keep up the good work! Manager(SB-AUTOMOBILES), Client Contact Us Get in touch with us. Feel Free to use contact below. Please enter your name. Please enter your valid E-mail ID. Please enter your message. Your message has been sent successfully. Sorry, error occured this time sending your message. 1/216 A,Sec 6,Avas Vikas Colony, Agra +917055454111 [email protected] Need Support? © Copyright 2015 - Career Click Consultancy Designed By:- Career Click
