DraftSteel.com Login or register Register Yourself Login Username or Email Address Password Lost Password Remain logged in Register Don’t have an account yet? Register yourself now and be a part of our community! Register Yourself Login Remain logged in Advanced Dashboard Forum Articles Articles Members Recent Activities Users Online Team Search Members Search Everywhere Everywhere Articles Forum Blog Articles More Options Collapse Sidebar DraftSteel.com Hello members and visitors! The forum has been upgraded to a new server and new forum software versions. We are in the process of tidying up and making it look nicer, but for now, please check out our two newest themes: Steel Nexus and Steel Nexus Worksafe! Recent Activities Dwinsgames 7 hours ago Replied to the thread Looks like the "no rush, no cover" defense . . .. Post (Quote from mojouw) I posted on twitter during the game that Golden was spotted in nearly every downfield pass standing there as a spectator until it was time to hit someone ... it was almost like he wanted them to make a catch so he could practice… mojouw 8 hours ago Replied to the thread Looks like the "no rush, no cover" defense . . .. Post Golden was the real problem for me. He didn't get deep enough in several of his zone drops and/or was very late to rotate over as the help defender. The drop-off from Mitchell to him is something on the order of a bottomless pit. Dwinsgames 21 hours ago Replied to the thread Looks like the "no rush, no cover" defense . . .. Post Ross Cockrell all camp and all day today looked just like this .... One Side Only 21 hours ago Posted the thread Looks like the "no rush, no cover" defense . . .. Thread remains Keith Butler's go to scheme. I know it is only pre-season, but c'mon. Ross Cockrell will not be starting Week 1. Dwinsgames Saturday, 5:19 am Replied to the thread Steelers vs Giants preseason things to look for. Post (Quote from mojouw) Hagen has PS eligibility but not sure he makes it if he continues to play well and they do not keep him on the 53 ... that being said I think we roll with 4 Safeties as we use 3 in some formations and you can't be so thin that you… Dwinsgames Saturday, 5:14 am Liked mojouw’s post in the thread Lots of interesting training camp subjects to talk about.. Like (Post) Conner seems to be the real deal as well. I have heard from others that they are convinced that he will be far better in the NFL than he was in NCAA. Getting healthier and the way he will be used. I'm excited about him for two reasons. One the man's… mojouw Saturday, 3:54 am Replied to the thread Steelers vs Giants preseason things to look for. Post I wonder if they go "light" at safety this year and only carry the two starters plus a back-up? Any chance you can sneak Hagen onto the PS? mojouw Saturday, 3:52 am Replied to the thread Lots of interesting training camp subjects to talk about.. Post Conner seems to be the real deal as well. I have heard from others that they are convinced that he will be far better in the NFL than he was in NCAA. Getting healthier and the way he will be used. I'm excited about him for two reasons. One the man's… Dwinsgames Aug 14th 2017 Replied to the thread Steelers vs Giants preseason things to look for. Post Jacob Hagen had a nice outing and overlooked by many ..3 solo tackles and he forced the Fumble that was recovered by Hilton Hilton had a great game , great solo ST tackle , fumble recovery a sack and a pass breakup Dwinsgames Aug 13th 2017 Replied to the thread Lots of interesting training camp subjects to talk about.. Post cream rises to the top ... we have seen some risers , Mike Hilton perhaps the biggest of them all and considering he is like 5'8 well .... Unread Threads Topic Replies Last Reply Looks like the "no rush, no cover" defense . . . 3 One Side Only 21 hours ago Steelers One Side Only 7 hours ago Replies 3 Views 17 3 Dwinsgames 7 hours ago Steelers vs Giants preseason things to look for 3 Dwinsgames Aug 11th 2017 Steelers Dwinsgames Saturday, 5:19 am Replies 3 Views 137 3 Dwinsgames Saturday, 5:19 am Lots of interesting training camp subjects to talk about. 10 One Side Only Aug 3rd 2017 Steelers One Side Only Saturday, 3:52 am Replies 10 Views 260 10 mojouw Saturday, 3:52 am Registration Don’t have an account yet? Register yourself now and be a part of our community! Register Yourself Latest Posts Looks like the "no rush, no cover" defense . . . Dwinsgames 7 hours ago Steelers vs Giants preseason things to look for Dwinsgames Saturday, 5:19 am Lots of interesting training camp subjects to talk about. mojouw Saturday, 3:52 am Josh Dobbs vs Landry Jones One Side Only Aug 12th 2017 Alejandro Villanueva signs 4 year deal Lemonhead Aug 10th 2017 Statistics Threads 1,458 Posts 14,674 Blog Articles 10 Members 257 Most Online Users 2,038 Newest Member strumentu Privacy Policy Legal Notice Powered by WoltLab Suite™ 3.0.8 pl 1 Stil: Nexus by cls-design Stylename Nexus Manufacturer cls-design Designer Tom Licence Commercial styles Help Supportforum Visit cls-design Navigation Dashboard Forum Articles Articles Members Recent Activities Users Online Team Search Members Search Options (placeholder) User Menu Login Registration Your browser has JavaScript disabled. If you would like to use all features of this site, it is mandatory to enable JavaScript.
