eggshoe Celebrity Gossip Humor News Viral News 21 Aug 2017 Teenage dream! Cindy Crawford’s model daughter Kaia Gerber, 15, goes casual cool as she dines at celebrity hotspot Soho House in Malibu By eggshoe News 0 Comments Cindy Crawford’s 15-year-old daughter Kaia Gerber was spotted out at the Malibu celebrity hot spot Soho House on Sunday. The previous day she’d posted an Instagram photo of herself smiling out on a wide grassy yard, and she wrote in the caption: ‘happy kai,’ adding a heart. A day before that, she’d uploaded a photo Read More 21 Aug 2017 RAF veterans to take on Highland League stars By eggshoe Celebrity Gossip 0 Comments RAF team manager, Matt Beattie. A team of RAF veterans will kickstart a football fundraising drive with a special fixture in Moray. The air force team will go head-to-head with a Highland League All Stars side later this month. Organisers are hoping a series of matches, staged over the next year and spread across the Read More 21 Aug 2017 How Balter is riding the craft beer wave all the way to the top By eggshoe Celebrity Gossip 0 Comments Brewer Scott Hargrave tests the aroma of their award winning brew. Photo: Trent Mitchell When surfing legends Mick Fanning, Joel Parkinson, Bede Durbridge and Josh Kerr launched Balter Brewing in 2015, it was greeted with some cynicism from within the beer industry. The entry of a moneyed celebrity outfit with no industry pedigree surely signalled that Read More 21 Aug 2017 Selena Gomez is the latest star to get a viral lookalike… but can YOU tell the two apart? By eggshoe News 0 Comments SELENA Gomez is the latest star to get a viral lookalike… but can you tell the two apart? Selena Gomez is the most followed person on Instagram but it seems that the singer has a doppelganger who is also taking the social media platform by storm. Sofia Solares, 22, from Mexico, is the spitting image Read More 21 Aug 2017 Virat Kohli-Anushka Sharma’s latest pictures from Sri Lanka go viral By eggshoe Viral News 0 Comments Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma Rumoured lovebirds Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma have been one of the most loved celebrity couples. Ever since they came together in a shampoo advertisement, reports of their affair started doing rounds in media. While Anushka who is riding high on success is co-ordinating well between her personal life and Read More 21 Aug 2017 Boy From Viral Back-To-School Video Returns, Answers Same Question Again By eggshoe Viral News 0 Comments Two years ago, a little boy’s interview on his first day of his school went viral. Little Andrew Macias, then only four-years-old, had burst into a flood of tears when asked if he would miss his mom at school. The video had instantly gone viral and made little Andrew an Internet sensation overnight. Now six, Read More 21 Aug 2017 Virat Kohli can NOT be calm after watching the viral video of a child being treated cruelly By eggshoe Viral News 0 Comments / / Virat Kohli can NOT be calm after watching the viral video of a child being treated cruelly Social media – a place where any video or a picture goes viral in seconds – has become a platform wherein some people are dumping thing which is NOT correct by societal norms or something which Read More 21 Aug 2017 All about that bass! Hilarious moment three women dressed in colourful wigs dance to Meghan Trainor’s hit song By eggshoe News 0 Comments Three groovy Queensland women channeled their inner divas in a hilarious video shared to Facebook on Sunday.  Clad in colourful uniforms and crazy wigs, Peachey Kristen with Royzie Jenkins and Crystal Hodgson shook their tail feathers as they danced to Meghan Trainor’s All About That Base. The video, which shows the ladies exerting some very unique Read More 21 Aug 2017 Emilia Clarke Shared A Hilarious Behind-The-Scenes Video Of Kit Harington Pretending To Be A Dragon By eggshoe Humor 0 Comments [unable to retrieve full-text content]As you should be aware, the current season of Game of Thrones has seen our favourite actors/characters FINALLY meeting up. That’s right, Kit Harington (aka Jon Snow) and Emilia Clarke (aka Daenerys Targaryen, First of Her Name, Mother of Dragons, etc, etc … Original Post Read More 21 Aug 2017 Our Carnal Hearts review – hilarious dissection of social envy By eggshoe Humor 0 Comments Entertainingly nasty … Our Carnal Hearts. Photograph: Murdo MacLeod for the Guardian It is the sticky and spiky hidden parts of ourselves that are displayed in Rachel Mars’ entertainingly nasty interrogation of the competitive spirit – which comes laced with song, arson and a large dose of envy. It’s fitting that it takes place in Read More 1 2 3 4 Next ›Last » Recent Posts Teenage dream! Cindy Crawford’s model daughter Kaia Gerber, 15, goes casual cool as she dines at celebrity hotspot Soho House in Malibu RAF veterans to take on Highland League stars How Balter is riding the craft beer wave all the way to the top Selena Gomez is the latest star to get a viral lookalike… but can YOU tell the two apart? Virat Kohli-Anushka Sharma’s latest pictures from Sri Lanka go viral eggshoe Copyright © 2017. Back to Top ↑ This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy
