pvCore Home Home Recent Posts Recent Activity Authors Forums Search Forums Recent Posts Members Notable Members Current Visitors Recent Activity Search titles only Posted by Member: Separate names with a comma. Newer Than: More... Useful Searches Recent Posts Home Home Home Quick Links Recent Posts Recent Activity Authors Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums Recent Posts Members Members Quick Links Notable Members Current Visitors Recent Activity New Profile Posts Apply Menu Menu Log in pvCore Home Home > This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn More. Welcome Guest, thank you for choosing pvCore! Dismiss Notice Cookies Welcome Dismiss Notice Remember, staff will never ask for passwords. pvCore Read Me Moderator Application 0 521 by Arcenity : Mar 31, 2016 at 5:35 PM We are always recruiting new staff members. If you wish to join our staff, it is important that you are mature, committed and willing to lend a hand. Our age limit is not set in stone, but being over 16 is definitely preferred. Any questions you might have can be answerred by moderators and administrators on the forum, Minecraft Server or on our Teamspeak Server. Please note that you wont be directly promoted to moderator, but will have to undergo a training period and final evaluation The title of the thread must be your ingame name, anything else will result in an immediate rejection. Requirements to become a moderator: No penalties/warnings Maturity Commitment This should be included in the application: Names, both ingame and in real life? What is your age? Location (Timezone, Country etc.)? Why do you want to be staff member? [COLOR=rgb(0, 0,... Continue... Forum Rules 0 364 by Faxwy : Mar 28, 2016 at 10:42 PM Forum Rules​ §1. Treat other members with the respect they deserve. This should go without saying, but treat others like you would like to be treated. §2. The forum language is English. Please only post in other languages in PM. §3. Please do not spam. The definition of spam is an irrelevant or advertising post. Any post considered spam will be removed. §4. Please do not post threads text in all CAPITALS since this is considered to be shouting and is not necessary. §5. Please refrain from necroposting. Do not post on a thread that is more than 3 months old unless you have something very relevant. §6. Do not mini-mod. §7. Insulting and flaming or personal attacks against any religion/ethnicity will be not tolerated. §8. Please be considerate in language you use on the forum, some of our members are younger than others. Swearing is not completely banned, just do not swear unnecessarily. §9. No hacking, and illegal activity, such as torrents and illegal downloads, this will not be tolerated, and if appropriate, may be reported to local authority. §10. Please do not post inappropriate material, we think everyone understands what I mean by this. We think these rules are clear, and easy to follow. These are only in place to ensure our community is a fun place to be, and a comfortable atmosphere for all. What happens if I break a rule? Depending on the severity of the infraction, a different course of action may be taken, but the usual practice is as follows: 1st rule break (Minor offense): Corrected, a PM may of been sent, no further action taken. For a more serious offense, a warning will be issued, this is a mark against your name letting us know you have broken a rule. 2nd rule break: Another warning. 3rd rule break: On your 3rd warning, you will receive a temporary ban, the length... Continue... Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Stay logged in pvCore Home Home > Style UI.X Home Contact Us Help Terms and Rules Top Quick Navigation Home About Forums Downloads Contact Open the Quick Navigation Like us on Facebook © 2016 pvCore | All Rights Reserved.
