girloncanvas.com | making the moves up as I go... about shop contact Posted on July 23, 2015 Hollister August Perfume is BACK! Beauty/ Shopping Does anyone remember the perfume August from Hollister … circa 2005?  We’re talking 10 years ago already, it’s hard to believe!   Back then I was a poor college student and always too broke to buy a thing, even the small price of this 1.7oz bottle $24.50 was Read more.. Posted on July 11, 2015 Nars Audacious Lipstick Swatches Beauty Last year when I was wedding-planning-my-life-away I knew I needed to find the perfect shade of lipstick for the big day.  I wanted a soft pink and something light that was not too heavy or messy on my lips.  All I could think about was accidentally getting it on my dress!  Ahh!   Read more.. Posted on June 26, 2015 Custom Die Cut Stickers from Sticker Mule Design/ www A hundred years ago on Dribbble – Sticker Mule was giving away die cut stickers! I said hec, why not? I submitted and in a few short weeks I had some fun dribbble-themed stickers. They were much nicer than I anticipated. Die-cut stickers were not a design I had attempted yet, but I knew one day I would. I waited for the Read more.. Posted on June 17, 2015 Tibetan Thangkas Art/ Sponsor Do you need to bring some good energy to your office or workspace? Whether you work at home or in a busy office with a lot of people you might want to surround yourself with Feng Shui wall art. Tibetan Thangkas might be the answer to your needs. Read more.. Posted on June 9, 2015 Extreme [Online] Couponing Shopping/ www As a full time working lady I always look forward to shopping. One my favorite ME times… Whether it’s clothes, makeup, jewelry or shoes I’m always scoping out the latest deals or waiting patiently for a coupon to arrive in my inbox. I have even gone as far as checking my email archives from the year before to see when sites had certain deals – and to see if they will run them again. Many times I have found myself forgetting my coupons at home or realizing they are expired (not every place accepts expired coupons, what’s that about??). Read more.. Posted on May 30, 2015 Lime Crime Velvetines and the Big Bad Website Beauty/ Technology/ www If you are a makeup/product junkie like myself you probably heard of Lime Crime makeup. I found them on Instagram a few years back before they had a huge following. I’ve been hearing some talk lately about Lime Crime and it’s website issues. Read more.. Posted on May 19, 2015 Advice for brides from a Non-bride, Bride. Advice What the heck does that title mean?? Before my wedding I’ve never been into the “wedding scene”. I had absolutely no experience other than being a guest to a wedding (never been a bridesmaid either). I wasn’t even sure what side of the altar I had to stand on. Read more.. Posted on April 6, 2015 Feng Shui Art Shopping/ Sponsor If you’re looking for a unique gift for a family member or a close friend that just purchased a new home you might want to consider The Best Holiday Gift Guide Read more.. Older Entries About Me girl on canvas Hi There. You probably realize by now that you've reached another blog, but blogs these days are the most common outlet for anyone. I could tell you my blog is extra special but really it's just a combination of my crazy thoughts and interests. My name is Chris and I'm a newly wed living with my husband in New Jersey right outside NYC. Web designer, social media enthusiast, aspiring jewelry designer and self-proclaimed Disney nerd. Read More... Christie LIKE, FOLLOW & SUBSCRIBE Follow More from Girl on Canvas Handmade Jewelry Shop Design Portfolio ArielFreak.com Instagram Slider 2 months ago by girloncanvas Coming soon... 3 months ago by girloncanvas Bed and Breakfast 3 months ago by girloncanvas Awesome poster I saw in a diner bathroom... this should be out where the world could see it!  #Warhol   #basquiat  4 months ago by girloncanvas Yep 7 months ago by girloncanvas Things I love Recent Posts Hollister August Perfume is BACK! July 23, 2015 Nars Audacious Lipstick Swatches July 11, 2015 Custom Die Cut Stickers from Sticker Mule June 26, 2015 Tibetan Thangkas June 17, 2015 Extreme [Online] Couponing June 9, 2015 Explore The Blog Advice Art Beauty Design Fashion Handmade Home Jewelry Photo Quotes Rambling Shopping Sponsor Technology Videos Vintage www Recent Posts Hollister August Perfume is BACK! July 23, 2015 Nars Audacious Lipstick Swatches July 11, 2015 Custom Die Cut Stickers from Sticker Mule June 26, 2015 Instagram Slider Categories Advice Art Beauty Design Fashion Handmade Home Jewelry Photo Quotes Rambling Shopping Sponsor Technology Videos Vintage www Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Etsy Copyright © Christie Dwyer - girloncanvas.com 2008 - 2015. All Rights Reserved. Back to top
