LogyMedia - Your Life Is Not An Accident Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Menu Home Numerology Astrology Horoscopes Store Services Get Your FREE Personalised Numerology Report Now Front page 9 Year Epicycle Numerology Linda Barkley May 23, 2017 Front page, Numerology No Comments Let's take a look at an image what the 9 Year Epicycle actually looks. Every year that we're looking at in the epicycle holds a theme - it's a … [Continue Reading...] 2016-2017 Universal Year and Personal Year Numerology Linda Barkley February 11, 2017 Featured, Front page, Numerology No Comments We are starting to shift out of the energy of the nine that was the universal year for 2016 and we're starting to move into the energy of the … [Continue Reading...] Capricorn Zodiac Sign Meaning and Characteristics Amanda Miles October 17, 2016 Astrology, Front page No Comments The people born under Capricorn Zodiac Sign are hard workers. They give importance to their professional life than their personal life. As they work hard for very long they … [Continue Reading...] Sagittarius Zodiac Sign Meaning and Characteristics Amanda Miles October 12, 2016 Astrology, Front page No Comments The people born under Sagittarius Zodiac Sign are always energetic and curious. They are the biggest travelers. Also, their thoughts are philosophical which makes them to travel around the … [Continue Reading...] Scorpio Zodiac Sign Meaning and Characteristics Amanda Miles October 10, 2016 Astrology, Front page No Comments The people born under Scorpio Zodiac Sign are very passionate and confident people. They are very determined and they will do research until they find out the truth. These … [Continue Reading...] Libra Zodiac Sign Meaning and Characteristics Amanda Miles October 6, 2016 Astrology, Front page No Comments The people born under Libra Zodiac Sign are very peaceful, fair and they hate being alone. Partnership is one of the main factor for the Libra born people. They … [Continue Reading...] Virgo Zodiac Sign Meaning and Characteristics Amanda Miles October 5, 2016 Astrology, Front page No Comments The people born under Virgo Zodiac Sign are perfectionists. Also, most Virgo born individuals are sincere and caring. They wants things to be perfect, hence they make a set … [Continue Reading...] Daily Horoscope 08/21/17 Select Your Sign Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Find us on Facebook Popular Recent LogyMedia Copyright © 2017.  
