Musing Minds UK | Community - Homepage - Sign Up & Join Us! Sign Up Sign In Find in Musings About Us About Us Community Overview Our Team Discover More Our Statements of Purpose Advertising FAQs Browse Support Groups Support Groups Home Browse Support Groups Near Me (Map) Create New Group Videos Audio Tour Events Events Home Browse Events Near Me (Map) Past Events Add Your Event Reviews Coupons Calendar Diaries Videos Suggest an Event Tour Therapy & Coaching Activities Home Page Business Pages Business Pages Home Browse Business Pages Near Me (Map) Create New Business Page Claims Badges Videos Tour Mood Journals Mood Journals Home Browse Mood Journals Browse Mood Journals Recently Viewed Add New Journal Videos Favourites Tour Creative Stories Creative Stories Home Browse Creative Stories My Stories Top Rated Stories Add your Story Why Write? Creative Writing Resources Creative Writing Support Groups Tour Resources Resources Home Browse Resources Top Rated Resources Recently Viewed Packages Videos Books Books Home Browse Books Top Rated Books Recently Viewed New Book Claim Your Book Videos Tour Packages Downloadable eBooks Products Coupons Products Home Browse Products Add Product Product Reviews Favourites My Cart Stores Stores Home Browse Stores Stores Near Me (Map) Store Coupons My Orders My Marketplace Account Quizzes Photo Albums Videos Videos Home Channels Home Browse Videos Browse Channels Browse Playlists Pet Profiles Pets Home Browse Pets Browse Pets Featured News Recently Viewed Packages Videos Locations Musings Musings Home Browse Musings Browse Musings Recently Viewed Add a Musing Packages Videos Tour Mind Support Groups Business Pages Events Products Journals Stories Musings Resources Books Downloadable eBooks Videos Channels Body Support Groups Events Business Pages Products Journals Stories Musings Resources Books Downloadable eBooks Videos Channels Spirit Support Groups Events Business Pages Products Journals Stories Musings Resources Books Downloadable eBooks Videos Channels Life Support Groups Events Business Pages Products Journals Stories Musings Resources Books Downloadable eBooks Videos Channels Musing Minds UK is an on-line holistic community promoting self-expression & peace for the mind, body, spirit & life. We have a mission to get to the root cause of and recovery from mental health issues such as anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder, eating disorders, personality disorders, schizophrenia and other mental illnesses, not just deal with and discuss our symptoms. "Alone, I experience mental Illness, but together,we will experience mental wellness." Spiritual health is about feeling connected to life and reality, not disconnected. Mental health is about harbouring feelings of positivity and joy, not negativity and despair. Physical health is about our bodies being functional, not dysfunctional. Due to their interdependence, we are not solely a mental health community. We are a holistic healing community. We are on a journey to become whole, nurturing our mind, body, spirit and life leading to balance and harmony. Who is a Musing Mind? A Musing Mind spends a lot of time reflecting and thinking. Their musing minds can sometimes go out of control leading to musing crises, breakdowns & subsequent mental illness. Who is a Muse? A Muse is a spirit that watches over and captivates, motivates and inspires individuals, being the source of their genius. Our vision is for individuals to metamorphise from a Musing Mind into a Muse. Our vision is for us, as Muses, to watch over other souls as well as our own, promoting genius and creativity throughout humanity, being the change in the world that we wish to see. What bliss we would experience when someone turns and says, "You are my Muse." What Do We Offer? Here are the features of our community: Member Profiles Your profile will be populated with content that you have created across the community. Community Feed See everything that is going on within our community. Credits Premium members are able to earn credits for their contributions and can redeem these for goodies! Welcome Forum Our members-only forum is where we introduce ourselves and make each other feel welcome. Drop by often! Creative Stories Express the contents of your imagination through creativity writing. Write stories on mental health, spirituality and more.  Journals Share yourself by adding to your journal. Journaling is therapeutic so here's to finding healing and understanding. Musings Join the discussions and view/respond to member musings on mental health, body, life and spirituality. Support Groups Support groups have everything from discussion forums, events, resources and articles, photos, videos and more. Events Find activities and events on mental health, wellbeing and spirituality going on near you. Business Pages Join and/or follow business pages in the mental health, wellbeing and spirituality arena. Stores & Products Browse our marketplace full of products to aid your mental health, wellbeing and spirituality. Resources Get all the information you require on writing, mental health conditions, life & spirituality. Books Browse, download and review books on mental health conditions, the body, life and spirituality. Quizzes Enjoy our mental health quizzes as well as quizzes on personality, spirituality, life and more. Albums Share photos on Musing Minds UK. NB. Albums only visible to registered members. Videos Share videos on mental health issues, wellbeing, spirituality, life and more.  What Now? Set out on your unique path of self-exploration and self-discovery in our community. Share your stories, comments and musings live and direct from the battlefields of the menacing, musing mind. You are a warrior and the victory is already yours... you just need to claim it. Or share your stories, comments and musings of triumph from your magical, musing mind. You are hope for a better day. Envision the pride gained when someone turns to you and says, "You are my Muse." Connect with others facing the same challenges you are and always have an understanding listening ear at hand. So, uncover what has been hidden from you, recover from your musing crises, and discover who you truly are. Plan of Action 1Sign UpPlease click the 'Sign Up' button to sign up. Fill in the form with your details to create your Musing Minds UK profile. 2Post a Status UpdateSay 'Hello' on our community feed on the homepage! There you can see all our community content.  3Go Straight to Our Welcome ForumIntroduce yourself to everyone in the forum which most resonates with you and your struggles. 4Add your MusingsAdd any musings (thoughts, questions etc) you may have and start and promote discussions around them. 5Add your Creative StoriesUse your imagination to captivate, inspire and immerse us in your story world about mental health issues. 6Add a Journal EntryShare your daily life challenges and struggles with mental health issues and mental illness. Join MusingMinds.UK An online community where we can recover, discover and express ourSelves. Create Your Account The content on this site is for informational purposes only. It is not a substitute for any medical advice, diagnosis or treatment that ought to be provided by a qualified health care professional. Always consult your doctor or mental health care professional before trying or wholeheartedly believing anything or any 'facts' you read here. For more information, please read our Medical Information Disclaimer Notification Status. × Heading Shown here Small description Okay About MusingMinds.UK About Us Community Overview Statements of Purpose FAQs Information Terms of Service Privacy & Cookies Disclaimers & Policies Contact Us Links Claim Content Advertising Our Newsletter Link to Us My Account My Notes My Credits Account Settings Join MusingMinds.UK An online community where we can recover, discover and express ourSelves. Create Your Account Copyright ©2017  -  The Importance of Diversity  -  Our Manifesto  -  Tour Guide  -  FAQs  -  Contact  -  Become a Community Ambassador  -  Team  -  Advertising Home Page Share
