Welcome Geek - Myself RAJAT SHUKLA digital world Rajat Shukla A blog of wonderful things for impractical people. Home TIPS & TRICKS FREEBIES & GIVEWAYS HOW TO TOOLS About Me Contact Menu FREEBIES & GIVEWAYS, HOW TO How to download Best Free Antivirus App That is More Than Just an Antivirus : AVG Antivirus May 24, 2017 No Comments When we talk about the security of technological gadgets, the term isn’t only restricted to the security from theft. It’s time we all connect the term security with the privacy of our accounts and devices as we are living in the 21st century and everything seems to be getting on the internet in today’s time. No matter what the phone manufacturer claims about security, you must be careful about the security as the online threats have been increasing with the technological advancements. And, nowadays, our smartphone is a gadget on which we use Internet Banking, use our social profiles, and save our personal photos and videos as well. Free Antiviruses for Android If you make a search on Google Play store for free Antiviruses, you will get a long list out of which few are really good. One of the best ones on the list is AVG which is absolutely free to install. Kaspersky, Avast, McAfee, CM security and many others are the most trustworthy ones as well but the problem with many of these is that all of the features are not free. AVG Antivirus Free for Android AVG is a reliable name when it comes to computer security so it was obvious that the brand would carry its legacy over to the Android platform and oh boy, they have done it in style. Let’s see how AVG Antivirus App for android outshines other free antivirus applications available. How to download free avg antivirus The first most amazing thing about the AVG Antivirus App is that it is completely free to download and use. Yes, AVG does offer a pro version of their application but you will be glad to know that you can still do a lot even with the free version which makes AVG one of the best free Android security options available in the market. In Search BOX type TYPE ” AVG Antivirus “. Now you will find ” AVG  Antivirus FREE for Android ” Page on Playstore.  Next Step Your need to touch on install. After installation you will find User Interface An application with a lot of sophisticated controls or user interface isn’t a user-friendly application and AVG developers know the exact thing and that is why they have given one of the simplest user interfaces that we can ever find in an antivirus application. When you launch the application the first thing you will observe in the application is the giant scan button along with four small buttons which offer additional features like   Privacy control Anti-theft Scanning Extensive security App Lock Vault Call Blocking and App Backup  Ability to locate your device Camera Trap Wipe or ring your device (Remotely) In the world we live, most of our sensitive data are stored on our phone or computer. Thus, making them secure must be the first priority. When it comes to the phone, you have to be very cautious to keep it safe and secure to keep your data, private photos, passwords, etc. safe. AVG antivirus app is the best choice as it is free yet fair enough to offer your phone the best security from viruses, malware, spyware, etc. Above all, AVG has been a big name in antivirus industry for more than a decade, and it is trusted by a huge number of people around the world. You should get it for your phone as well and stay safe. Continue Reading HOW TO How to Get Back Old WhatsApp on Android Devices? : A Step-By-Step Guide April 25, 2017 1 Comment Not everyone is a fan of the new WhatsApp Status tab. This quick guide will help you revert back to the old (text based) style of WhatsApp Status. Enjoy it while it is still possible. 23rd February, WhatsApp had rolled out a new feature called Status. This feature adds a tab to the app, similar to the Chat tab, where WhatsApp users can see status (photos/videos/GIFs) shared by their contacts. The back fall of this feature is that company removed the old text-based ‘status’ feature that was part of user’s profile. There have been many updates coming up time to time. But recently one of its biggest updates came out which is the new Snapchat like Status; If you remember, we had the simple text based Status update on WhatsApp which is now replaced with the new Snapchat like Status in which you can update a photo or a video along with a caption. Currently this feature is added in the WhatsApp Beta for iOS and Windows, but it’s hidden at this time. It might take some time to enable it for public. Till that time you can get back to Old WhatsApp Status on your android by following this tutorial. Smart Method (for NON rooted device) On a non rooted device you can easily get back to Old WhatsApp status by installing WhatsApp version 2.17.60. You can download it from here. Just make sure that you take the backup of all your messages. Then uninstall the current WhatsApp and install WhatsApp v2.17.60 to get back the old status setting. Continue Reading HOW TO How to Use 2 WhatsApp accounts on the same device? : A Step-By-Step Guide April 18, 2017 No Comments I found it to be one of the best apps to create multiple whatsapp accounts. By default, you can use only one WhatsApp account on a device and you cannot choose to have 2 accounts at once. But there is a workaround and you will have to use an app named  Parallel Space which will allow you to have one more WhatsApp account on your phone or tablet running WhatsApp so you can have two accounts on the same device at once. What Is Parallel Space? Parallel Space is an Android app that allows you to run multiple accounts of any app simultaneously on single Android phone. With parallel space, you can create the dual account of any app. Like you can install two Whatsapp, two Instagram, two Facebook, two Snapchat and multiple accounts of any game. How to Install Dual Whatsapp in One phone? Here I will show you how to install 2 Whatsapp in 1 Android phone. You can use the similar steps to create multiple accounts of any Android app. First Download and Install The Parallel Space app from Play Store. Now Open The Parallel Space app, tap on the + icon. Now select Whatsapp from the list. Now setup your WhatsApp with new account credentials. That’s it you have successfully installed two accounts of Whatsapp. You can swipe to switch parallel space. Just go to settings and turn on Swipe to Parallel Space. You can use similar steps to create the dual account of any app.   Continue Reading HOW TO How to Unblock Blocked Websites at Office, School or Anywhere? April 16, 2017 No Comments Tricks  to Unblock Blocked Websites in country,school or anywhere . If you are getting problems to access social networking siteo or any other 😛 site on school,college lab,office internet.Because, at schools or offices most of the social media such as Facebook, and video sharing websites such as YouTube are blocked so that students or employees cannot misuse the internet. There is nothing bad in blocking because, at schools, students are given the computer and internet access for learning purpose. Internet technology is growing very fast, and when there are restrictions applied from using something on the internet, there are the ways to bypass those restrictions. That’s the beauty of technology! no problem today,In this blog post, I am going to share 10 ways to to bypass your school office internet security. So, without any further ado, let’s check those ways out. 10 Ways to access blocked websites 1.Use Online Proxy sites The easiest option available to access blocked websites is using online proxy sites such as kproxy, hideme, zend2, etc. There is a long list of such proxies. You can just open one of these in your browser, and then type the website link in the box, and submit. The proxy will access that website, and you will be able to access that blocked website. For example, if you open Kproxy, you will see the below screen: [Alert] => This is the most used method for unblocking a blocked site. However, I prefer not to use sites using proxies where I have to enter my credentials because the proxy owner may see all the credentials that are entered because all the traffic goes through the server. That is why; if you are using these proxy websites, make sure you don’t enter sensitive information. Use these when you have to visit websites that don’t require logging in. Such as, you can use YouTube to enjoy videos as you can enjoy it without logging in. So, there is no security issue. Note: Many security guys block proxy sites too at school or office so that you cannot use these to access other sites. In that situation, this trick won’t work. 2.Use VPN Services VPN short for Virtual Private Network is a service , it working as an bpass hide tunnel that offers you private access to the website through a public network with share you data. VPN allows you to use different countries IPs so that you can access even those websites which are blocked in your country or blocked by your ISP. Many free and paid VPN services are there which you can use for your day to day use. There are some sites which are not open for India and only work within the US so being in India,  we can pretend that we are browsing from the USA. Thus, we get the access of that particular website. << Recently I have started using Hola VPN’s Chrome Extension which is more than awesome for general use. I use it when I need it. You need to turn on the VPN by clicking on its icon, enter the site URL, and hit Enter Then, you will see the screen like shown as. >>>         And, in some time, the website URL entered will be opened in your browser. It will open even if it is blocked in India since you are using US IP through VPN. Similarly, you can use different countries as per the requirement. 3.Use Google Translate Surprised?? Don’t be! Because Google Translate also allows you translate a complete website when you enter the URL. So, at your office or school, if a site like YouTube blocked, just put the URL, and translate it, you will see it opened on the translated page itself! You can try any blocked site, and you will be able to access in another language. This trick is useful if you know some other language too because if a site is in English, then you have to translate it to another to view it on translate page. You just need to enter the URL, select a different language, and click on Translate. Similarly, you can try with different websites which are blocked. 4.Use IP instead of URL This is a good way to access blocked websites. For example, if Facebook is blocked with its URL, you can get its IP by entering Ping facebook.com in command prompt. This trick works only for the sites which are hosted on a dedicated IP. The sites which are on shared hosting won’t open with IP address because on one IP there are many sites hosted, so you will see an error page only. 5.Use Google Web Light Google Web Light is a tool offered by Google for the users who has a slow mobile internet connection. This tool strips down all the CSS and Javascript to make the page lighter, and present to the user. Though it is a tool for accessing the lighter version of a website, it can be used as a potential unblocker tool as well. Copy the blocked website URL, and paste that just after lite_url= just like shown below: http://googleweblight.com/?lite_url=https://www.rajatshukla.in/ Do it! And you will be able to access blocked websites. 7.Use TOR Browser Tor Browser connects you to its TOR network through which you browser websites. You can download it by clicking here, and once done, install it. Run it and click on Connect which lets you connect with the TOR network. You cannow browse any blocked websites easily. [Potential Downside of TOR] => One problem with this browser is that it is very slow due to that you cannot use it for day to day browsing. But, it can be very useful when you need to use it occasionally to access some blocked sites. 7.Use Public DNS In case if a few websites are blocked by your ISP, you can change the DNS of your internet connection, and remove that block. You can use Google Public DNS which will allow you to bypass the block applied by your ISP. To change the DNS, you need to go to Control Panel [Type Control Panel in run and hit enter to open Control Panel] Click on “View Network status and tasks” Now, click on Change adapter settings Right click on the Network connection in use, and click on Properties Now, double click on Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IP 4) For IPV4 8.8.8 8.4.4 If you use IPV6 then use these 2001:4860:4860::8888 2001:4860:4860::8844 Doing this will help you access the sites which are blocked by your ISP as they use their own DNS to block the access to some websites. Once you change their DNS, the block gets removed! 8.Use a Proxy Server by configuring in your browser I am using Chrome, so I am explaining how to configure it to use a proxy server. Go to Chrome Settings Click on Show advanced settings Now, under the Network Section, click on Change Proxy Settings It will open a dialogue box. Click on LAN settings. Now, you have to Uncheck “Automatically detect settings”, and then check the “Use a proxy server for your LAN”, and in the Address enter a Proxy Server’s IP (I showed x.x.x.x just for example in the screenshot) which you can get from HideMyAss or any other proxy sites. Save the settings by clicking on Ok, and then Ok again! Now, when you browse any site using your browser, it will visit the site using that proxy server which means you can access those sites which are blocked for your IP. For example, if you are in India but you setup a Canada proxy server in the browser, you can access those sites which are accessible in Canada but blocked for India. 9.Use Google Cache This is not the best way to access blocked websites, but it does work. The thing is that Google Cache shows you the website’s copy which Google indexed last time. You see a copy of that site and not the live one. However, in some cases, it will be a handy tool to see the blocked website.  For example, if rajatshukla.in is not opening in your country you can search it on Google, and click on the down arrow => click cached You will be able to see a copy of this site. Moreover, you can try with any other site which is blocked. 10.Use Internet Archive: Wayback Machine Wayback Machine is a tool that keeps taking the copies of the website regularly so that whenever you want to see a website’s old look, you can use it. Further, you can use it as a potential tool for unblocking blocked websites as well. Since, it keeps the backup copies, enter the blocked site in this tool, and access the latest copy of the site saved by this tool. For example, when I checked for my site, the last copy it has is of 25th January 2017 which is not too old. Conclusion There are places like School computer lab and offices, many websites specifically the entertainment and social networking sites are blocked. At times, you may need or want to access those sites. In that case, these methods will be great help for you. They will work for accessing those websites as well which are either blocked in your country or blocked by your ISP. Which method are you using to unblock blocked websites? Do share your views and feedback in the comments. Continue Reading FREEBIES & GIVEWAYS, TIPS & TRICKS FREE Bitdefender Total Security 2017 KEY – Free 3 months [ Giveaway ] April 12, 2017 No Comments FREE Bitdefender Total Security 2017 KEY Why utilize a few security items when you can have a definitive across the board arrangement? Bitdefender Total Security Multi-Device 2017 is the ideal decision when you need to ensure your Windows, Mac OS and Android gadgets at the same time. Bitdefender Total Security Multi-Device 2017 conveys ironclad assurance against even the most developed malware and gives highlights intended to shield your private life over numerous stages — all without backing off your gadgets. It utilizes the most progressive security innovation on the planet, yet it’s straightforward and natural. You just need one record to secure up to 10 unique PCs, Macs, and Android cell phones and tablets. How to Activate ?( Using License Key ) First of all bitdefender total security download from below link Then Open folder where it is save , Then Run setup After a few minutes its completed , Easily use if you want to activate then first you create a account on its official site of Bitdefender total security Then Click subscription and activate your account Now paste the license key which is given below That’s All ,Enjoy 😀 How to Get Key ? ( Using Promotions Page ) Go to the promotions page  Fill out the form on the page that opens: Enter your e-mail address, and “I am not a robot” Tick. Key will your email address. Open incoming mail and clicking on the “BitDefender Install” button. Create a Bitdefender account (or login using an existing one). Then “BitDefender> Download” section of the Download and install the free virus protection software licenses Done 😀 Promotions Page (90 Days FREE KEY) Get yours license key :  Bitdefender Total Security Multi-Device 2017 Giveaway   Continue Reading Search for: Search Recent Posts How to download Best Free Antivirus App That is More Than Just an Antivirus : AVG Antivirus How to Get Back Old WhatsApp on Android Devices? : A Step-By-Step Guide How to Use 2 WhatsApp accounts on the same device? : A Step-By-Step Guide How to Unblock Blocked Websites at Office, School or Anywhere? FREE Bitdefender Total Security 2017 KEY – Free 3 months [ Giveaway ] Recent Comments Bablofil on How to Get Back Old WhatsApp on Android Devices? : A Step-By-Step Guide Rajat Shukla
