Ricochet  |  Conservative Conversation and Community Skip to toolbar Log in Main Feed Contributor Feed Member Feed Recommended Feed Podcasts Live The Ricochet Podcast AEI Banter Podcast AEI Events Podcast AEI Podcast Channel American Wonk Andrew Klavan Show Area 45 Bill Bennett Show The Bookmonger City Journal’s 10 Blocks The Classicist with Victor Davis Hanson The Commentary Podcast The Conservatarians Daily Standard The Editors Examining Politics The Fifth Estate GLoP Culture Harvard Lunch Club The Hemingways HWX LadyBrains Law Talk The Libertarian Liberty Files Mad Dogs & Englishmen The Milt Rosenberg Show Money and Politics Need to Know OppCast Q & A Political Economy POTUS POD Power Line Radio Deplorable The Ramble Smart Girl Politics The Substandard Three Martini Lunch ThronesCast Search for: Join Login Conservative Conversation and Community Site-Wide Activity Groups My Bookmarks My Feed Give a Membership Join Login Join the Conversation Ricochet.com is the leading place for civil discussion of the center-right and beyond. Join today for less than the price of a cup of coffee! Get a Month for Free Listen to Our Free Podcasts Already a member? Sign in. The Latest Shows from the Ricochet Audio Network The Bookmonger with J… Paul: The Pagans' Apo… Aug 21, 2017 | 0 comments Commentary Magazine P… We Will Never Ever Ge… Aug 21, 2017 | 1 Comment Andrew Klavan Show CNN: Donald Trump is … Aug 21, 2017 | 0 comments Guest: Michael Knowles Daily Standard The President's Afgha… Aug 21, 2017 | 0 comments Three Martini Lunch SJW Coddling Costs Mi… Aug 21, 2017 | 2 Comments Examining Politics What does Bannon’s … Aug 21, 2017 | 0 comments AEI Events Podcast Financial crisis, cor… Aug 21, 2017 | 0 comments The Fifth Estate Jeff Blehar on Electi… Aug 19, 2017 | 0 comments Guest: Jeff Blehar Radio Deplorable The Highlight Reel Aug 19, 2017 | 0 comments The Conservatarians Another Week, Another… Aug 19, 2017 | 5 Comments Smart Girl Politics How Do You Solve a Pr… Aug 18, 2017 | 1 Comment Guests: April Gregory & Kira Davis Need to Know Civil Wars Then and N… Aug 18, 2017 | 8 Comments The Ricochet Podcast Statues, Protests, an… Aug 18, 2017 | 15 Comments Guests: Ben Domenech & Victor Davis Hanson Area 45 School of Public Opin… Aug 17, 2017 | 0 comments The Libertarian Showdown in Charlotte… Aug 17, 2017 | 1 Comment The Substandard The Substandard on Th… Aug 17, 2017 | 2 Comments Guest: Sonny Bunch Bill Bennett Show Reflections on Charlo… Aug 17, 2017 | 5 Comments LadyBrains How To Stop Politics … Aug 16, 2017 | 3 Comments The Classicist with V… Dunkirk: Film vs. Fac… Aug 16, 2017 | 8 Comments All Ricochet Podcasts What Really Just Happened (Eclipse Science for Dummies) Member Polyphemus August 21, 2017 20 COMMENTS   Sure, lots of people are talking about the eclipse and how awesome it was. They had their NASA glasses and pinhole cameras. But do they really understand this phenomenon? They think they do but most are just faking it. As a public service to Ricochetti as they hobnob with fellow partisans of astro-doohickey-gawking and what not, they can thank me for providing this clear illustration of what an eclipse actually is. Study this illustration and then you will be able to set everyone straight. Solar Eclipse Explained As a bonus, next time a Lunar Eclipse occurs in your area, you will be ahead of the crowd if you memorize this: More Recommended by R> Members Some Perspective on the White Supremacy Movement Member Victor Tango Kilo August 21, 2017 12 COMMENTS   The actual number of White Supremacists in America is miniscule. They are a fringe of a fringe of a fringe. But the Democrat Media Complex is intent upon hyping up their numbers. Why? Because it gives cover to the violent left and because it is part of their Preferred Narrative that the United States is a sickeningly racist country. More The Political Assault on Big Tech Is Now in Full Swing Contributor James Pethokoukis August 21, 2017 2 COMMENTS   Axios goes big on the mounting political woes for America’s tech giants: “Tech behemoths Google, Facebook and Amazon are feeling the heat from the far-left and the far-right, and even the center is starting to fold.” I mean, like I have been saying — see here, here, and here — for the past year. This issue really came to my attention when Elizabeth Warren attacked Apple and Google for using their size to “snuff out” competition. More Recommended by R> Members Why we need Robert E. Lee Member J Climacus August 21, 2017 17 COMMENTS   Robert E. Lee was on the wrong side of the Civil War. Yet his defenestration is a great loss for all Americans. The reason can be captured in three words: Duty, authority, and Providence. These are three concepts that were once in the bloodstream of all Americans, but their late disappearance is part of the reason our politics is so fragmented, dysfunctional and uncivil. Lee is a superlative example of a life lived by all three concepts and rather than tossing him on the ash heap, we desperately need to learn from him. More Recommended by R> Members Was Slavery the Cause of the Civil War? Member Matty Van August 21, 2017 95 COMMENTS   The great American tragedy is raising its ugly head once more, as it does occasionally. People on both sides are viciously accused by people on opposite sides, sometimes justly, sometimes not, as America divides along fault lines remarkably similar to the one that ruptured in 1861. My contention is that the horrible war could only be justified by the victorious side by making it a moral war. Was it? In GFHandle’s piece, “Should We Honor Lee?,” several of us discussed that question, i.e., whether slavery was the cause. I contend that, in fact, the American Civil War was a cultural war, a refight of the English Civil War of the 1630s. Members of each side fled England to escape the other during the seventeenth century, one side to Massachusetts to seed northern culture, the other to Virginia to seed southern culture — and maintained both their cultures and their animosities to such an extent that they would fight again in the 1860s. More On Cultural Purging Contributor Dave Carter August 21, 2017 42 COMMENTS   I think the concept of collusion is operative here, though not the sort of collusion we’ve been hearing about. No, to listen to the fanatical class, what we are witnessing is collusion by accident of birth. As a Christian, for example, I accept my part in the metaphysical collusion of those whose sins made necessary Christ’s sacrifice on the cross. And while I accept the transcendent sense in which mankind was indeed born into darkness, it will take a herculean philosophical effort (akin to proving that Nancy Pelosi is coherent or that Ted Kennedy was a para-rescue specialist) to convince me that Original Sin is a tribal condition applicable to civic life. More Recommended by R> Members Antifa? Yeah, They’re Kinda Sorta Skinheads. Moderator Midget Faded Rattlesnake August 21, 2017 27 COMMENTS   Punk riots. Skinheads. Before special snowflakes, SJWs, or the alt-right’s revolt against “the tyranny of nice” became a thing, musical subcultures I can’t even pretend to understand fractured along white-nationalist and anti-white-nationalist lines. I can’t claim to understand the punk ethos – or ethe, ethea, or ethoses (fittingly, there are multiple ways to pluralize “ethos”) – but the news of my youth was vaguely colored by incidental stories of “direct action,” of “taking it to the streets,” of punks getting their riot gear ready. Often, the “oppression” they fought was gentrification, one more manifestation, apparently, of “the tyranny of nice.” More Recommended by R> Members Treating the Body Politic Contributor EJHill August 20, 2017 42 COMMENTS   I’m not a doctor but I know enough about medicine to know that a fever is not an illness in itself but a symptom of a larger underlying problem. And right now, America has a raging fever. Most fevers are caused by infections. The political and punditry classes have diagnosed the problem as Donaldus Trumpitis, a relatively new disease some are describing as a cancer. But more likely than not, this case of the DTs is not the disease itself but just the manifestation of the fever. More Recommended by R> Members What Comes After “Nazi?” Member Henry Racette August 20, 2017 39 COMMENTS   While sitting in my favorite bagel place today, I watched a ramshackle group of middle-aged men and women — a real low-testosterone, NPR-looking crowd — walk by carrying signs that had negative things to say about Nazis, hate, and President Trump. It saddens me a little that there are people stupid enough to believe that the anti-Nazi message actually has to be delivered, given that essentially everyone already agrees that Nazis were evil. But then, this same group was probably waving Bernie signs a few months ago, so I suppose it’s progress that they’re rejecting at least one form of socialism (the most murderous idea in human history), given that they were embracing it so recently. More Recommended by R> Members Quote of the Day: Dad on Media Member Kate Braestrup August 20, 2017 13 COMMENTS   From my father’s interview at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library Oral History Collection… Interviewer: Is there a prejudice among print journalists against TV reporters? More Standoff Between the President and the Military on Transgenderism Contributor Susan Quinn August 20, 2017 46 COMMENTS   A few weeks ago, President Trump again threw the country into a tizzy by declaring a ban on transgender people in the military. Everyone was surprised, including James Mattis, Secretary of Defense. A number of factors seemed to contribute to Trump’s decision, including contradictory ones. I’d like to explore some of those here, and also explain the reasons why his decision may actually benefit not only the military, but this nation. In studying the background for Trump’s decision, President Obama in 2011 repealed the “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy but was silent regarding transgender members of the armed forces. Following that decision, however, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter announced that transgender people could openly serve in the military. He said: More Recommended by R> Members You Might Want to Think About Changing Your Search Engine… Coolidge J.D. Snapp August 20, 2017 31 COMMENTS   Just a PSA: Trying to get more information via Google on the shutdown of the free speech rally has resulted in a lot of frustration and very little information. The search term I used was “free speech rally shut down.” On Google, I got the following first page results: More The Day the Clown Died: Jerry Lewis at 91 Contributor EJHill August 20, 2017 25 COMMENTS   Photo by Erik Pendzich/REX/Shutterstock Jerry Lewis was the man you either loved or loathed. He was the boy who wouldn’t grow up. His style was brash and abrasive and yet even grudgingly admired by detractors. How can you gainsay a man that raises over $2 billion to fight neuromuscular diseases? Lewis, aged 91, passed Sunday morning in Las Vegas. More Recommended by R> Members The Most Beautiful Place in the World Thatcher Cow Girl August 20, 2017 25 COMMENTS   I was born in the most beautiful place in all the world! Seriously…according to my mom. Actually, she wasn’t wrong. Our isolated valley high in the Rocky Mountains of western Wyoming is pretty stunning to see. My great-grandparents on both sides of my family were among the original settlers. It has long winters, but even then the scenery doesn’t fail to meet the standard of spectacular. There are towering mountains, with red cliff faces, and other peaks that are blanketed with pine trees. The aspens form a fluttering skirt of pale green leaves at the base of these mountains all summer. Then those leaves turn a brilliant yellow in the autumn. A couple of rivers meander down the middle, and supported the beaver that enticed my trapper/mountain man ancestor to move there. Those same rivers also created succulent meadows that the farmer ancestor realized would feed dairy cows that could sustain his family when they arrived in wagons. It remains a place of beauty today. More ACF #10 The Nolan Brothers Contributor Titus Techera August 19, 2017 7 COMMENTS   Hello, everyone! I am joined on the American Cinema Foundation podcast by Jason Eberl and George Dunn, editors of the book The Philosophy of Christopher Nolan. They are professors of philosophy with an interest in pop culture, and editors of many books on America’s favorite shows and movies over the last 50 years. Our wide-ranging discussion of Christopher and Jonathan Nolan’s movies goes through Memento (2000), The Dark Knight (2008), Interstellar (2014), and Dunkirk (2017). More Recommended by R> Members The Donald Trump Classic Audio Book Library Moderator skipsul August 19, 2017 35 COMMENTS   And now a word from our sponsor. My name is Donald Trump, I’m proud to introduce my library of the best classics of Western Civilization. Enjoy these terrific, classic, wonderful books, bound in best Texas Longhorn leather, it’s really fantastic with gold leaf on the page edges, it’s really sharp. They’ll look great on your shelves, just perfect. Plus if you order today I’ll include these really great audio tape books as read to you by me. Now how many of you can say you’ve got the President of the United States reading these really classic, great, wonderful, and superb, really the best books that Western Civilization has brought to you. Everything from this Dickens fellow, to, ah, Shakespeare, Dante, some really great Greeks (trust me, these guys know their stuff and make pretty good masons too, got a guy doing a marble platform for the toilet in master suite in the White House), and even The Art of the Deal. Just take a listen to some of these fine, just really fantastic excerpts. I mean, Obama cranked out a bunch of his lousy speeches to hawk on the Queen, which is really pathetic, when he coulda’ used that smooth icy voice of his to read out some of these just fantastic, and frankly better, stronger, and more elegant things. Definitely better things than you’ll get on Clinton New Network. Anyways, enjoy, and listen all the way through for a special offer for you early bird types. More Recommended by R> Members It Doesn’t Mean Anything Thatcher Michael C. Lukehart August 19, 2017 22 COMMENTS   Just a couple of end-of-week thoughts. It doesn’t mean anything. Just turn off the news. Skip the hysteria. More The Collapse of Rock, the Beautiful Nineties, and revolutionary ugliness Contributor Titus Techera August 19, 2017 12 COMMENTS   The obsession of our popular culture with beauty has come to a tragic form of heroism. Celebrities in hearfelt and simultaneously over-produced pop songs assure the children who are their ideal audience that they are beautiful people. This assurance against evidence is premised on the knowledge that everyone is the same and that the effective truth of uniqueness is anonymity. In societies where people are segregated by age, the young are helpless to withstand the times and powerless to attract or reward whatever attention they might get. The lie they wish to hear above all is that they have so much beauty within themselves that they can be justified. Their experience is being ignored, not found worthy of attention. The more celebrities rise spontaneously among the people, the more the people act as though they themselves were worth no attention. The celebrities then reflect this self-loathing back onto the worshiping crowds. More Leftist Statue Demolition Doesn’t Go Far Enough Contributor Marvin Folkertsma August 19, 2017 5 COMMENTS   The orgy of statue demolition by thugs posing as the country’s racial watchdogs has generated predictable reactions from ideological purists left and right, and stirred ripples of concern among most Americans. Suddenly, national attention is focused on selected personages whose views on race relations likely differed little from those held by most Americans, North and South, during their time. No matter; they fought for the side defending slavery, which now requires the sort of historical cleansing that would warm the heart of any dedicated Stalinist. Thus, monuments to Robert E. Lee and other Confederate Generals, along with those dedicated to the memories of ordinary Confederate soldiers, have been plunging to the ground, defaced, or quietly hoisted away during midnight hours by flak-jacketed workers guarded by police. According to the New York Times, Republican Governor Charlie Baker stated that “we should refrain from the display of symbols, especially in our public parks, that do not support liberty and equality.” More Recommended by R> Members Snowflake Zuck Bans Sabo Member Melissa Praemonitus August 19, 2017 20 COMMENTS   First of all, wealthy, ridiculous men who travel covertly through the land surrounded by a phalanx of guards and secretaries with the purpose of getting to know the little people have no business ruling the lives of others through a political career. So it is a particular joy to see the founder of Facebook slumming it through cow pies as he attempts to navigate the unfamiliar territory of America’s heartland. The latest mess is the permanent Facebook ban of LA street artist and free speech provocateur, Sabo. Sabo is the genius behind the Ted Cruz with Tattoos poster, as well as some of he most effective and important street art in support of Republicanism to date. His artwork attacking the left is joyfully outrageous, and often includes politically incorrect language. Some are hilariously obscene. More Recommended by R> Members Contra Caplan on Physical Illness, Too Moderator Midget Faded Rattlesnake August 19, 2017 46 COMMENTS   In 2006, insouciant economic imperialist Bryan Caplan published a paper outlining a consumer-choice model of mental illness designed to rehabilitate the anti-psychiatry of Thomas Szasz. Caplan claimed this model shows that mental illness should not to be understood as a “real illness” (and therefore as a matter for medical rather than moral treatment) at all, but that mental illness should be understood as a weird preference rational actors persist in despite their preference being a poor match for functioning in society. From the perspective of Caplan’s model, mental-health treatment is a form of rent-seeking designed to paper over the interpersonal conflicts that arise when somebody won’t relinquish a preference grievously at odds with society, rent-seeking that, on the one hand, provides the “mentally ill” with official-sounding excuses for their weird preferences while, on the other hand, providing the families of the “mentally ill” with medical justification for treating sufficiently “ill” family members against their will. In October 2015, the blogger Scott Alexander, himself a psychiatrist, published “Contra Caplan on Mental Illness”, an essay pointing out why, from his perspective, it seems so strange to call mental illness merely a weird preference. Given Caplan’s framework, I would like to point out how strange it is to call physical illness not a “weird preference”, albeit a weird preference most of us take pity on out of belief that it arises from physical derangement that we don’t expect sufferers to be able to compensate for completely. More Recommended by R> Members When Your Alma Matter Continues to Disapoint… Reagan Jamie Lockett August 19, 2017 21 COMMENTS   I just received the following email from my alma matter Claremont McKenna College (I have removed contact information for privacy): Subject: Travel to Cuba with CMC! More The Conservatarians Ep. 62: Another Week, Another White House Firing August 19, 2017 5 COMMENTS Hosted by Jon Gabriel, Stephen Miller Sponsored by SimpliSafe https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/d3n7oqaca6vnx6.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/mp3/2017/08/The-Conservatarians-Ep-62.mp3 Jon Gabriel and Stephanie Hamill on Charlottesville Editor Ricochet Editors' Desk August 18, 2017 2 COMMENTS   Ricochet Editor-in-Chief Jon Gabriel talks with OAN’s Stephanie Hamill about the aftermath of Charlottesville and the media bias on the alt-left. More Recommended by R> Members Honoring Fallen Enemies Coolidge Bartholomew Xerxes Ogilvie, Jr. August 18, 2017 22 COMMENTS   In 1944, a 20-year-old U.S. Marine corporal named Marvin Strombo got separated from his unit on the island of Saipan. Making his way back toward the rally point, he stumbled across the supine body of a young Japanese soldier. The man had apparently been killed by the concussion from a mortar explosion: his body was completely intact, bearing no apparent wounds. The sword at his side marked him as an officer. And poking out from underneath his jacket Strombo could see a folded Japanese flag. Strombo hesitated but then reached out and removed the flag. It was covered with Japanese calligraphy: good-luck messages and signatures from the young officer’s friends and family. Flags such as this were popular souvenirs among Allied troops, so Strombo knew that if he hadn’t taken it someone else would have. But Strombo made a silent vow: “I knew it meant a lot to him … I made myself promise him that one day, I would give back the flag after the war was over.” More 123›» Have Something to Say? Join the Conversation Most Popular on Ricochet Main Feed | Member Feed | Comments Honoring Fallen En… 75 Likes The Most Beautiful… 47 Likes Treating the Body … 37 Likes Snowflake Zuck Ban… 31 Likes It Doesn’t M… 28 Likes Right Angles, Poli… 30 Likes Democrats … … 17 Likes Duke Replaces Lee … 15 Likes Outside 14 Likes Has Trump Fully Di… 13 Likes Hey! I just realiz… 25 Likes 25 Likes 23 Likes 23 Likes 21 Likes Weekly Audio Meetup Members only* Time: Monday, 8PM (ET) Call-in: 515-739-1037 Access code: Join for code *Audio meetups are run by members, not Ricochet. An Indispensable Daily Email email address You're blocking this ad. © 2017 - Silent Cal Productions About Archives Code of Conduct Contact Us Privacy Report a Bug Terms & Conditions Store Top R>3.1.13 @ Not recently active
