Tapatalk Home Features Getting Started Support Log In × Confirm Account Oops. Please confirm your Tapatalk account. To create new group in Tapatalk, please verify your account by clicking the confirmation link in the email we've sent to Resend Email × Home Features Getting Started Support Log In Tapatalk is the mobile-first community platform trusted by over 150,000 communities worldwide. Start a brand new community or connect your existing community with us now. Building Great Communities The infrastructure and services you need to mobilize your community, drive engagement and increase revenue. Get Started Tapatalk Mobile - Beyond Community Software With over half of your community's traffic coming from mobile, Tapatalk's mission is to lift your community's engagement on mobile and beyond. Tapatalk layers on top of your existing community software to provide a seamless mobile experience for your members. The Tapatalk mobile solution works on all major community software systems and your members can access your community on the Tapatalk app. It's free to both you and your members. Or select our Premium Plan and start building your own branded app today. Learn More Tapatalk Groups - Managed Community Platform CLOUD HOSTING SPAM CONTROL MOBILE WEB Let us provide all the infrastructure and tools you need to start a new community - Tapatalk Groups is a combination of community software, cloud hosting, spam and objectionable content detection and control, programmatic newsletters, ad network optimization and other advanced features to let you survive and prosper in the Social Networking age... And that will save you time and money so you can focus on what matters to you most - nurturing great discussions and building a great community. Learn More Start a New Community Interest Graph - Not Just a Mobile App Tapatalk has used billions of data points to build an Interest Graph® to predict what topics your members will want to read next. We help get your members hooked on to your community with tools such as personalized feeds, email newsletters, recommended discussions, and more! Get Started Earn More with Tapatalk Tapatalk is not just a SaaS provider. We're committed to help you grow your revenue and audience. We work directly with all major advertising exchanges and networks to optimize your ad revenue and deliver high quality ads. Let Tapatalk manage the ad revenue for you through our revenue share program or keep full control of your ads by inserting your Ad Units. If you're currently hosting and managing your own community and want to learn how you can earn more ad revenue than you get today with AdSense or other ad network, or want to stop the hassle of paying and managing forum infrastructure, Contact Us to see how Tapatalk Groups can help you. Get Started Free to Start Tapatalk is absolutely free for you and your members - or select our Basic Plan ($5/mo) for more options and controls. With our Premium Plan ($10/mo) we will also build a branded app for the App Store and Google Play. Select the plan that is right for your community. Get Started Home Features Getting Started Support Member Login App User Login Privacy Policy End-User License Agreement Site Owner License Agreement Tapatalk API Terms of Service © 2017 Tapatalk Inc
