Web Ganga Domain Registrar and website hosting Services - .com, .org, .in, .bharat, .भारत, Domain Registrar । Domain Name Registration - Web Hosting  :-Login / Sign  :-   Select Language English (English) Русский язык (Russian) हिन्दी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Español (Spanish) Português (Portuguese) Türkçe (Turkish) 中文 (Chinese Simplified) :  AUD CAD CNY EUR GBP INR RUB TRY USD Prices are calculated at the daily forex rate and are for display purposes only. Payments will be made in INR Domains Registration Register a Domain Book your domain here Bulk Domain Registration Bulk Registrations at lower rates Sunrise Domains Register domains using your trademark name Premium Domains Register catchy, popular Domain Names IDN Domain Registration Book your internationalized domains here View Domain Pricing Compare pricing across 50+ extensions Transfer Transfer your Domain Move in your existing Domains Bulk Domain Transfer Save by moving domains in bulk View Domain Pricing Compare pricing across 50+ extensions View Promos Currently Running Promos and discount in domain names New Domain ExtensionsNew Pre-register to get the name of your choice Add-ons Free with every domain Free email, DNS, theft protection and more Name suggestion tool Use our name spinner for ideas on your ideal domain name Whois lookup Perform a Whois Lookup Websites Build your Website Website Builder Create your own website instantly, no coding/design skills required. Choose from over 100 themes or simply drag-and-drop to customize your design Impress.ly Quickly create an app like website! Use social media content or start from scratch to setup your site. Protect your Website SiteLock Malware Detector Over 5000 websites get attacked everday. Get SiteLock and secure your website from hackers, viruses and malware. Codeguard Website Backup Protect yourself from unexpected website crashes. Add CodeGuard and get automatic cloud backup for your website and database. Hosting Shared Hosting Linux Shared Hosting Perfect for smaller websites and blogs. Comes with cPanel, PHP, Apache and more Windows Shared Hosting Perfect for smaller websites, blogs, etc. Comes with Plesk, ASP, IIS and more Shared Hosting by Hostgator HostGator's most popular hosting plans JIO Free Webhosting our partner jio.in launches free hosting service with free jio.in domain name Wordpress Hosting A secure, reliable and powerful platform crafted for Wordpress Servers VPS For larger websites and apps that require dedicated hardware, at a cheaper price Linux KVM VPS With KVM Hypervisor for a cost effective dedicated server experience Dedicated Servers Dedicated hardware and rock-solid performance; perfect for larger websites and apps Windows Dedicated Servers Dedicated hardware and rock-solid performance; perfect for larger websites and apps Managed ServersNew Get the power of a dedicated server along with our in-house experts to help manage your server Reseller Hosting Linux Reseller Hosting Start your hosting business today. Comes with free WHM, cPanel and WHMCS Windows Reseller Hosting Start your hosting business today. Comes with free Plesk and WHMCS Tools Codeguard Website Backup Your data is precious. Secure your website in just a few minutes SiteLock Malware Detector Over 5000 websites get attacked everday. Get SiteLock and secure your website from hackers, viruses and malware. CloudNew Emails New G Suite(formerly Google Apps for Work)New Email, calendar and storage on any device Business Email Simple and powerful webmail. Enterprise Email Advanced and Corporate-class email. Securities SSL Certificates Powerful encryption for your data. SiteLock Over 5000 websites get attacked everday. Get SiteLock and secure your website from hackers, viruses and malware. Codeguard Website Backup Your data is precious. Secure your website in just a few minutes Offers Hot offers on special Sell(For Customers) Get extra discount in all plans as compare to general offers we provide extra discount on Special sell offers Hot Offers for reseller or partners Exclusive & Hot Offers To add wings to your business You and your customer will get these benefits Accounts Log in to your Webganga Account(For Customers) Access your own aleready registered clients account Join our reseller program and Earn Money You can start webhosting buisness by joining our reseller program and earn money Payments Option(For Customers) Use Pay now online ccavenue plugin and pay online money . Learn how to payment for activation of any services. Start Building your web presence at $1.73/mo Get Domain Name + Hosting Get Started >> Specialized Extensions Welcome to WEB Ganga Get a Domain Name With Free Privacy Protection and lots more Search Please enter valid domain name .COM $ 9.34 .IN $ 7.78 .CO.IN $ 7.00 .ORG $ 14.82 $ 6.43 View Pricing What’s Hot Register .भारत Domain Get Windows Hosting Get Linux Hosting Get Free Hosting Get Hosting Build Website     HOST AT NOW Web Hosting Email Hosting included 99.9% Uptime Guarantee Reliable & Secure Powered by cPanel / Plesk All control in your hand Starting From $0.17per mo View Plans Domain Service Free Forwording, DNS Control Free Email Account Free Theft Protection Free Privacy Protection Domain in your language Starting From $51per year View Plans SSL Certificate Secure your Website Upto 256-bit Encryption Free Reissues Included Browser Compatibility Secure all content Starting From $10.15per yr View Plans Build your website No technical skills required Quick & Easy to Use Choose from 100's of designs Build Professional Websites Extra Discount for SCHOOLs Starting From $ 1.58 per mo View Plans Start your business online today 99% uptime for rock-solid performance With Web Ganga Best Domain Name Registrar Web Ganga is one of the leading providers of a wide spectrum of domain services. We have vast experience to our aid, which we leverage to provide world-class services to help enterprises scale new heights. Our core competencies include domain name registration, website hosting, email hosting, VPS hosting and more. We also offer various value-added services, such as WHOIS, DNS management, and premium domain sales, apart from promising comprehensive assistance to our customers. What We Offer? We, at Web Ganga, strive to provide honest services and earn the trust of our clients. We provide affordable services with no hidden costs. Our transparent service policy encourages clients to entrust us with the responsibility of establishing their online identity. We providing worldclass hosting and domain registry service in india today so you can trust me and start with us now.One of the first things that you need to do for starting your own website is register a Domain Name. A domain name refers to the name by which your site will be known on the internet. like www.shopname.in. In order for you to have a particular name for your website, you need to get that domain name registered. Once your domain name is registered to you, only you can use that domain name for your site. In other words, only after completing domain name registration do you become the owner of that domain name.Web hosting is a service provided by web hosting companies to host the web site, the hosted site is accessible one the internet. In fact they provide online systems for storing information, images, video, or any content to the users. The content is then become accessible on the internet. The companies providing the space on the internet is called Web Hosts or Web Hosting companies. Web Hosts usually installs many computer in the data centers powered by UPS backups. These computers are connected to the high speed internet by fiber optics connectivity. If you want your powerfull website in minimum cost you can start with us. we design beutifull website for schools, university, organisation, NGO and business at only 1500 per year cost with free ssl certificate, free domain name. If you want to start your busieness online we help you to create your online business online through our powerfull website builder and web hosting tool.we offer extra 21 % discount to BHARTIYAN farmers who want to start your own online business and store regarding sell or information of your products and 7% extra discount for students who want to start with us You can contact us for thease offers. Domain Registration Domain registration is of prime concern for any enterprise aiming to tap the immense potential of the web through a website. Web Ganga, all domain related concerns of clients. We help them achieve their business objectives without spending a large amount of money, which separates us from other registrars. We provide you the facility to – Transfer and register your domain Round the clock assistance in case of any issue Check the availability of the desired domain name Web Hosting Vast expertise in website management and world-class infrastructure has made our webhosting platform invariably the most reliable one available. including: Linux hosting Windows hosting WordPress hosting Joomla hosting E-commerce hosting Email Hosting Email hosting allows you to exhibit business proficiency and also promotes your business every time you send an email from your personalized email. Here is a glimpse of what we promise: Enterprise email for large companies with unlimited email accounts High volume storage facility (2 GB each) Anti-virus and anti-spam protection DIY Website Builder We, at Web Ganga, acknowledge the fact that you are the best judge of your website’s requirement, and therefore, provide you with a powerful DIY website builder to help you create an interesting and resourceful website with exceptional features. The solution helps you give a personal touch to your website and design it as per the nature of your business and its offerings. Our DIY website builder has various tools and templates to help you create a precisely tailored website. Domains Register Domain Name View Domain Pricing Bulk Domain Register Bulk Domain Transfer Whois Lookup Name Suggestion Tool Free with Every Domain View Promos Combo Offers Hosting & Products Linux Hosting Windows Hosting Virtual Private Servers Dedicated Servers Managed Servers Website Builder Business Email SSL Certificates Sitelock Infrastructure Datacenter Details Hosting Security 24 x 7 Servers Monitoring Backup and Recovery Account Log in Contact Us at WEB Ganga Mishirgawan Tehsil-Naigarhi, Vindhya DISTRICT-REWA,M.P. BHARAT, IN - 486331 Mob.No.:- 9200910111 Support View Knowledge Base Contact Support Report Abuse Please pay by pay now online(ccavenue) gateway for fast activation of your product. OUR SERVICES VAAP DOSTSABHA.COM संजाल देववाणी Copyright © WEB Ganga. All rights reserved  | Legal Agreement Privacy Policy
