Wildlife Vagabond - Home Languages English Norwegian Homepage About Me Categories Blog Parks & Places Photography Research Stores Wildlife Guide Books Wildlife Mugs Wildlife Photos Help Me Out Search for: Homepage About Me Categories Blog Parks & Places Photography Research Stores Wildlife Guide Books Wildlife Mugs Wildlife Photos Help Me Out Explore & Conserve “An understanding of the natural world and what’s in it is a source of not only a great curiosity but great fulfillment.” – David Attenborough Mammals › Africa › North America Birds › Africa › Europe › North America Reptiles › Africa › North America May 26, 2017 in Blog by Wildlife Vagabond Introducing: Wild World Community Hello everyone!   I've been really quiet on this website for the last year. Well, looking at the date of my last update, tomorrow it will be exactly one year since I last posted something here! Wow! That's not even intentional..   With that craziness aside, let's get into why it... Read More Share May 27, 2016 in Blog, Photography, Wildlife by Wildlife Vagabond Spring came and I am alive again! I guess a lot of you have been wondering what I’ve been up to lately, as there haven’t been an update here in a very long time. I could blame my day job... Read More Share January 5, 2016 in Blog, Wildlife by Wildlife Vagabond Spotting The Difference How do you tell the difference between a cheetah and a leopard is a question I get a lot. As they both live in Africa and share habitat I can understand... Read More Share December 7, 2015 in Blog, Wildlife by Wildlife Vagabond An Old Friend Just Got Murdered Today, I feel empty inside. The devastating news that yet another rhino family has been shot and killed saddens me beyond words. Only, this time it feels a lot more personal. I actually knew these rhinos.... Read More Share 1 2 3 4 Search for: Latest Species Hamerkop Eurasian Magpie Pyrrhuloxia Arizona Gray Squirrel Leopard Tortoise Cape White-Eye The social network that saves the world Latest Posts Introducing: Wild World Community in Blog Spring came and I am alive again! in Blog Photography Wildlife Spotting The Difference in Blog Wildlife What I Use Canon EF 100-400mm f/4.5-5.6L IS II USM Lens ABOUT ME My name is Håvard Rosenlund and I am a Norwegian guy in his late twenties with a love for wildlife, travel, conservation and photography. I have two years of experience as a wildlife researcher in Africa. However, my future was not to become a researcher, but to become a teacher, a mouthpiece, and an ambassador for wildlife by sharing my own experiences, my own love for wildlife and all the fantastic creatures I’d come across in nature. Contact E-mail: [email protected] Recent Posts Introducing: Wild World Community Spring came and I am alive again! Spotting The Difference An Old Friend Just Got Murdered Servals & Caracals, Oh My! How To Catch A Carnivore Learn about: Puff Adder copyright wildlife vagabond 2015
