Home - Bangladesh Awami League Official Site Facebook Twitter YouTube   Facebook Twitter YouTube Home Party History Constitution Organisation Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Political Profile Life Sketch Sheikh Hasina Political Profile Life Sketch Accolades Resources Special Reports Articles Audio-Video Interviews Photo library Publications Atrocities of JAMAAT-BNP Poster & Billboard Banners for Download News News Party News Bangladesh Insight Press Releases Uttaran Connect Address Facebook Community Portal Council 2016 Twitter Join Us Success Manifesto 2014 Flash cards of Success Election Posters Promotional Videos All Downloads Videos For Download Posters for Download All Banner Bangladesh Awami League to stay beside people: Sheikh Hasina Bangladesh Awami League’s anniversary: 68 years with the land and people Majority satisfied with Awami League, favours Sheikh Hasina The Indpendent-RDC opinion survey Three Years of Development by Awami League Government Timeline of Liberation War Click here to join us Sheikh Hasina Daughter of Democracy and Herald of Change The Golden Bengal Upholding the Vision of Bangabandhu PREV NEXT JOIN US View all 20 August 2017 Flood-effected people to receive food assistance till next harvest: HPM Sheikh Hasina Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina assured the flood-hit people of the country of providing food... Read More + 19 August 2017 Radwan Mujib was shocked to know about the law to protect the killers of Bangabandhu It came as quite a shock to Radwan Mujib Siddiq, when he was told by his family that there was a... Read More + 16 August 2017 Zia’s role in blocking Bangabandhu murder investigation proves his connection to the killing: HPM Sheikh Hasina Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said Ziaur Rahman's role in blocking a British investigation... Read More + News View all HPM Sheikh Hasina pays respect to Bangabandhu at Tungipara Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina paid rich tributes to Father of the Nation Bangabandhu Sheikh... Some people always try to present distorted history: HPM Sheikh Hasina Taking a swipe at those who deny Bangabandhu's contributions to the Liberation War, Prime... ECNEC approves project to free Chittagong from water logging The Executive Committee of the National Economic Council (ECNEC) today approved a Tk 5,616.50... Special Reports View all BNP’s Proposed Vision 2030: Lacking Innovation, Clarity, Sincerity and Information On 10 May 2017, Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) unveiled its so-called ‘Vision 2030’ as a... Indo-Bangla Relations: Energy, Trade and Counter Terrorism This report is the third and final part of the special report series on Bangladesh-India... Indo-Bangla Relations: Connectivity Connectivity between Bangladesh and India has reached new heights since Bangladesh Awami League... Articles View All 21 August, 2004: All Hell Broke Loose by State-Sponsored Terrorism Thirteen years ago on 21st August, the nation was about to burst against the state-sponsored... 15th August: Darkest Chapter Of History 15th August is the day of national mourning. It’s a day when all beings of whole Bengal, even the... Bangladesh Awami League to stay beside people: Sheikh Hasina Prime Minster and Awami League (AL) President Sheikh Hasina has greeted the countrymen and paid... Read More + Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Read More + Sheikh Hasina Video Photo library Publications Joy Bangla Joy Bangabandhu History Constitution Organisation Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Sheikh Hasina Accolades Audiovisual Photo library Publication Campaign Tools Press Releases News Special Reports Uttaran Activities SIGNUP By subscribing to our newsletter service, you will stay updated with the latest news from us. We never spam! GET IN TOUCH BANGLADESH AWAMI LEAGUE Party office 23, Bangabandhu Avenue Dhaka-1000. Bangladesh. Open in Google Maps GET SOCIAL Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2013 Bangladesh Awami League. All Rights Reserved. countercloud TOP
