SA Yorkie Rescue - Yorkshire Terriers for adoption Search this site S A Yorkie Rescue - Adopt a dog Where do Rescue Yorkies come from? Our Yorkie Base Yorkie News How can a Rescue Organization Sell Puppies? About Me - Angelique the Yorkie Guardian Find your Yorkie a new home Yorkies for Adoption Yorkie Orphans that Found Loving Homes - Photos Yorkie Lovers comments and replies Yorkie Foster Care Apply to adopt a Yorkie Apply to Foster a Yorkie LOST YORKIES Contact Us Email us S A Yorkie Rescue - Adopt a dog Yorkies currently available for adoption: #229 - Gauteng, Centurion - 5Years old Yorkies Daisy and Ben need a new home together #246 - Gauteng, Lonehill: Active 11 Year young Mitzi Yorkie female #243 - CAPE TOWN, CLAREMONT - Active Obelix needs the perfect loving home #241 - Gauteng, Johannesburg - Little Zephyr and Jezebelle need a home together #248 - Western Cape, Fish Hoek - Lacey the young Morky needs a home!  Dogs Now Available for Adoption in South Africa Please ignore dogs marked as already adopted #248 - Western Cape, Fish Hoek - Lacey the young Morky needs a home! Western Cape, Fish Hoek is where 19 months old Lacey lives. She is a Maltese X Yorkshire Terrier. She has been sterilized. She has excellent health. She is e ... Posted Aug 21, 2017, 9:19 AM by Angelique Norton #247 - ALREADY ADOPTED! Western Cape,Hermanus - Mickey your ideal Yorkie girl that needs a home ALREADY ADOPTED!Western Cape, Hermanus, Sandbaai is where 5Year old Female Yorkie Mickey lives. She has been sterilized.  She has excellent health. Mickey is lively and energetic. She ... Posted Aug 21, 2017, 7:46 AM by Angelique Norton #246 - Gauteng, Lonehill: Active 11 Year young Mitzi Yorkie female Gauteng, Lonehill meet active 11Year young Mitzi, Yorkie female. Mitzi is a kind natured Yorkie female that loves to run around :)She has been sterilized. She is in good health ... Posted Aug 14, 2017, 11:28 PM by Angelique Norton #245 - ALREADY ADOPTED! KZN, Durban - ASAP Teacup Yorkie Gunner and Yorkie Boy Levi need their new loving homes ALREADY ADOPTED!KwaZulu-Natal, Durban meet :7 Year old Teacup Yorkie Gunner and 5 Year old Yorkie boy Levi. They have both been neutered. They have excellent health, full vet ... Posted Aug 21, 2017, 7:47 AM by Angelique Norton #244 - ALREADY ADOPTED! Gauteng, Alberton - 1Year old soft, loveable Emerald needs a new home ASAP Gauteng, Alberton meet Lovable Yorkie girl, Emerald. She is 1 Yrs of age. She has been sterilized. She has excellent health. Annual Injection done in December 2016.Emmy is ... Posted Aug 13, 2017, 7:36 AM by Angelique Norton Showing posts 1 - 5 of 243. View more » Recent announcements NEW MOBILE APP Please note that SA Yorkie Rescue has just launched a brand new App for your Android device. Please download it if you are looking to adopt or surrender a Yorkie ... Posted Mar 9, 2016, 12:02 AM by Angelique Norton Showing posts 1 - 1 of 5. View more » We never want Yorkshire Terriers to suffer! Google Google+ S.A. Yorkie Rescue The SPCA (including animal welfare organizations like PAWS, DARG, Adopt-a-pet and Tears) is a humane society looking out for animal welfare. Animal rescue being their aim. If you adopt a dog you are supporting what these humane societies stand for. Still the SPCA has to end many lives everyday and they need help to find appropriate homes to truly rescue a dog in need.  If you adopt a dog in Cape town you are part of this movement, but the truth is that for a dog rescue to be successful it involves cost and effort. It takes more specialized dog rescue organizations (for example save a yorkie rescue in the USA) to help with the crisis of animal welfare. So adopt a dog in South Africa today. We have been unofficially involved in rescuing homeless yorkies for the past five years and have so far been able to find loving homes for all of them. It is our goal to help as many surrendered yorkies as possible and to find them the very best homes.   Please keep in contact with us if you wish to rescue a yorkie. There are many fees involved when rescuing a Yorkie. Most often the teeth need to be operated on and properly cleaned. They need to be spayed and sometimes neutered. Often other special vet care is also needed. They sometime need serious rehabilitation too. We try to keep the adoption fee from R600 to R1200 to help defray the expenses involved.   DOWNLOAD OUR APP FOR YOUR MOBILE The S.A. Yorkie Rescue Yorkie Rescue - Home Yorkie Rehabilitation Techniques Toilet Training your Rescue Dog – The Five keys to Successfully house train your Dog Yorkie Puppies for Adoption Contact Us Sitemap Meet the Yorkie Guardian Click here to read about Angelique the Yorkie Guardian More Stuff Yorkie News Yorkie - Rescue Calendar Useful Links - Yorkshire Terriers Forms and Docs - Yorkie adoption    by Springbok IT Google Google+ Sign in|Report Abuse|Powered By Google Sites
