9th Circle Designs THEME COLOR MENU you have any questions? call +1 810 908 9199 home clients store portfolio team contact us Graphic & Web Design Offering you personalized service with a friendly, client focused touch. Delivering a professional product that is competitively priced for your specific needs and budget. Featured Clients Services Offered Design for Print Business Cards, Brochures, Posters, Greeting Cards, Product Packaging, Book Covers, CD & DVD Covers, Restaraunt Menus and more. Design for Web Websites, Logos, Advertisements, Product Mock-ups, Social Media Items and more. Painting Acrylic on canvas, visit our store. Wood Burning The art or process of burning a design usually on wood with an electrically heated tool. TRY OUR WEB OFFERS Our designs Various designs from satisfied clients. Your dreams become reality Whatever your dream, we can breathe life into the project and make it soar for you. ABOUT OUR TEAM Starting the journey into design in 2003 we have kept up with the top standards in design in both web and print. We have seen the immense growth of the business over the years and keep our working standards on par. our goal is to provide you a stress free, enjoyable and affordable service to improve or just to refresh the visual aspect of your business. Whether its an overhaul of your website, a corporate re-branding or just a few tweaks to an existing idea, we are more than happy to work with you. Over 10 years experience in web and graphic design. Hassle free and seamless interactions. A timely turnaround with your schedule in mind. Client centered to work within your budget. Satisfaction guaranteed. If you are looking for that special something to make you stand out and be noticed, we are confident that you will find what you need with 9th Circle Designs. Not sure if we handle what you need? Just contact us and we will be pleased to assist you. David Rupp OWNER/DESIGNER Mimi Rupp SEO Daemon muse & inspiration . Contact Details Have any questions? Looking for help? Contact us 1001 N. State St. #110 Davison, MI 48423 +1 810 908 9199 [email protected] Location Copyright Copyright © 2014 by 9th Circle Designs
