Company e-soft Helbok Hermann --> Main Website --> Version 1.2.3 Company e-soft Helbok Hermann I offer Softwaredevelopment of complete software solutions, Projectmanagement and Management Consulting. First Development Project in 1985, First company application during 1994 - 1996. First Project Management project and complete Project Outsourcing in the years 1994 - 2000. My company is helping people, employees and companies to reach their business/private goals as service company including it services, software development, project management, and outsourcing it services. Furthermore, companies in other business branches (Not in Management Consulting, Consulting and IT Services) will be foundet when the IT-Area is growing now. If you want invest capital into my search engine, it outsourcing and/or to build a bank, Click here for investment details. Donations for wishdreams are welcome too. IT Area Outsourcing of complete IT-Projects + Project Management Software migration to new technologies Standard Software and OEM Products + Use cases of my company Technical support forum (Free) and coming soon Supplier of my company in the IT Area Other business divisions (only the public information) Marketing Projects Logistics Projects Worldwide Financial results of my business group Patents / Company license activities Healthcare Food Green Energy for my company and other people 1 Bank + Assurance My Web Projects A Search Engine to find relevant Information: This search engine is based on my Concept and new Idea of a non existing system during the years (university) - 1994. This version has the page ranking deactivated. http://www.siikya.com http://www.siikya.com Company Software - Officetogether: http://www.officetogether.com To invest into my Charity Foundation or my Wishdreams Foundation, please contact me by mail for further information. My WishDreams foundation is already running since the year 2004 (website creation). The idea has been born, when I did study, and this does good things. http://www.wishdreams.com Code of ethics / Compliants English Code of ethics / Compliants Deutsch Contact my company Offices Planned Back Home. (C) by Company e-soft Helbok Hermann all Rights reserved. Company Size: 1 Person. Since 2001. First Outsourcing 1994-1996. Important additional Information and stolen information data by companies from me An offer for you. It is VIP Investment area. Do you fulfill the requirements? Terms Imprint
