Create Square | ODS Online Data System Management Security Accessibilty Admin Data Management The power of database management is an asset to any organization. The ability to easily collect, organize and analyze business data - contacts, leads, customer feedback, market information, or business stats. But databases evoke associations of "database administrator" - huge servers, complex software like SQL database and heavy costs. Allows your company to setup your online document management system at a fraction of the time and cost of traditional document management software. Our effective document manager solution is low-cost, hassle-free, scalable, and secure. You can share documents online and collaborate on them with colleagues, customers and partners. Online document management and document collaboration let you store, organize, view, and modify files with just an Internet connection. There's no software to install, no servers to maintain...ever! Secured Application Securely Share Documents Online. Share unlimited documents with employees, distributed workforces, and customers from any Web-enabled computer. Online Document Storage. Store any size document or group of documents online through a secure, central repository. Online Data Backup. Document backup is an added bonus to sharing, storing, and managing documents online. Documents are stored in secure, offsite data center facilities equipped with redundant servers that guarantee 99.9% uptime. Online Document Collaboration. Collaborate on files with colleagues, partners or customers with document collaboration features like document version control, audit trails, locking, document commenting and more. Online Account Access Permissions. Easily control access to documents, folders or subfolders with our permission-based document management system. Document Version Control. Manage your document collaboration process with document version control, overwrite protection, commenting, and document locking. Web Folders. Use convenient Web folders to access documents virtually. A quick and secure way to backup data in real-time. Full Document Search. Search through the entire contents of documents for no extra charge. Others include this only in "premium" packages. Copyright 2010 - Create Square™
