Unofficial Allis Home Page This site is not affiliated with AGCO Inc., Duluth GA., Allis-Chalmers Co., Milwaukee, WI., or any surviving or related corporate entity.  All trademarks remain the property of their respective owners.  All information presented herein should be considered the result of an un-moderated public forum with no responsibility for its accuracy or usability assumed by the users and sponsors of this site or any corporate entity. Unofficial Allis Unofficial Allis Store Parts and Services Owner Registry Discussion Page Employee/Dealer Registry Antique Tractor Shows Serial Number Reference Unofficial Allis   Looking for Service Parts? Try the Parts and Services page, or the Discussion Board. We do not sell or source parts through this web site.   + Eight or Nine Million since 2000.   Be sure to visit our Unofficial Allis Store toys, books, manuals, and Allis-Chalmers Logo apparel Sponsoring Ad Link Site Sponsors - [Click for More] Tony Carbaugh Years on Site 10 12/31/2017 New Aftermarket Manifolds for Allis-Chalmers and other makes. Rims, front and rear for Allis-Chalmers and other makes. Enterprises L.L.C. 12781 Marion Rd. SE - Turner, OR 97392 phone 877-602-3994 - fax 503-769-3265 or email tony@tonystractors.com New 3-point hitches for Allis-Chalmers B-C-CA-WD, WD-45, D10-D19 and 190 For Pictures and Pricing visit:  www.tonystractors.com We are always adding to our inventory and so please check back to see what`s new. www.tonystractors.com We also have used parts.   Please include zip code to calculate freight costs.  All products shipped from Mid-West locations. Be sure to mention AllisChalmers.com Brief History Allis-Chalmers' history as a manufacturer extends to the 1840's in Milwaukee. In 1914 the growing company entered into the farm equipment business. Over the years Allis-Chalmers was responsible for many innovations in farm equipment and grew to become one of the largest and most diverse manufacturers in North America. However, Allis-Chalmers became the victim of rapidly changing financial times and was eventually forced to sell the farm equipment division to K-H-Deutz AG of Germany in 1985. Duetz sold to AGCO inc. in 1990.  After the dispersal of the remaining manufacturing businesses in 1988, Allis-Chalmers maintained an office in Milwaukee until January 1999. AGCO has expanded the farm equipment business, largely in Europe and South America.  In 2004 AGCO entered the Fortune 500 list of America's largest companies. AGCO Web Site AGCO has retired the Allis brand and now manufactures tractors under the Challenger, Massey-Ferguson, Fendt, and Valtra brand names. Home of the Unofficial Allis Forum www.3000toys.com - www.corgi-toys.com - www.farm-toy.com - http://www.agriflame.com
