Psychic for Lovers - Psychic Tarot Reading Over The Phone For Over 27 Years in NY. ↓ Skip to Main Content Home About Me Books Testimonies Video Readings Free Horoscope Free General Reading Psychic Reading Life Coaching Blog Login Contact Psychic Reading! Psychic Tarot Card Readings For only $1.00 Per Minute!  Get a tarot card reading from 1 OF The BEST PSYCHIC In NEW YORK I am a Certified Professional Tarot Reader and Psychic with a BA in Psychology. I have been reading professionally for over 27 years. I have done over 8000 professional tarot readings. I’ve done tarot card readings online as well as conducting tarot cards readings with clients who live near me. I now exclusive do my reading over the phone or on Skype. My accuracy is 98% with repeated clientele. My clients have called me anyway from an angel to a psychic witch, because of my predictions that have come to past. I have predicted: meeting a new love that lead to marriage, divorces, success of new business, loss of jobs, love ones reunited and break up due to cheating, etc... New clients often say that this was the best reading(s) they ever experience. As one of the Best Psychic Tarot Card Reader in NYC, I am obligated to tell the truth as it is shown to me by my spirit guides. I will do a General Free Psychic Tarot Card Reading for all of my new clients. I specialize in Love and Relationship, but I also do career, work and money. Call 718-831-8116 General Reading Psychic Tarot Reading Over The Phone For Over 27 Years in NY. Book Appointment An Experience Psychic Tarot Card Reader for only $1.00 per minute No Gimmicks! There is no minimum or maximum amount of minutes a client can book his or her reading for. My Skills, Experience & Qualifications are: Certified Professional Tarot Reader, Certified Professional Psychic, Clairvoyant, Clairaudient, Dream Interpreter, Empathetic Intuitive, Ordained Spiritual Pastor, Spiritual Counselor and Spiritual Healer. © 2017 Psychic for Lovers ↑ Responsive Theme powered by WordPress Login Username: Password: Remember Me
