Home Services Shopping Photo Credits Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ HomeStart here NewsThe Articles Events History World War 1st Ranger Battalion Camp African American troops Old Carrickfergus Town Blue Plaques Andrew Jackson Centre Paul Rodgers - Ship Builder Daniel Cambridge Louis MacNeice William Ruddick William III of England (King Billy) Market House Carrickfergus Castle Community OCCHIOLISTIC Education NASA Public-Education Fun and Games Carrickfergus Fm Charities 1 in 3 Cancer Support Clubs and Groups Carrickfergus Parkrun Seapark Ac Carrickfergus Photographic Society Sport Carrickfergus Rangers Carrickfergus Knights Contact Us Menu Home Welcome Welcome to Carrickfergus, Carrickfergus is a beautiful historic town, situated on Belfast Lough. This is a sky view of Carrickfergus. The video shows an ariel view of the historical town and then Carrickfergus Castle. The video was produced by Carrickfergus-online. See more... News +13 ° C +13° +12° Carrickfergus Saturday, 25 See 7-Day Forecast Events History World War 1st Ranger Battalion Camp African American troops Old Carrickfergus Town Blue Plaques Andrew Jackson Centre Paul Rodgers - Ship Builder Daniel Cambridge Louis MacNeice William Ruddick William III of England (King Billy) Market House Carrickfergus Castle Community OCCHIOLISTIC Education NASA Public-Education Fun and Games Carrickfergus Fm Charities 1 in 3 Cancer Support Clubs and Groups Carrickfergus Parkrun Seapark Ac Carrickfergus Photographic Society Sport Carrickfergus Rangers Carrickfergus Knights Contact Us Carrickfergus 5.jpg http://www.carrickfergus-online.info/images/banners/5.jpg 4.jpg http://www.carrickfergus-online.info/images/banners/4.jpg 3.jpg http://www.carrickfergus-online.info/images/banners/3.jpg 1.jpg http://www.carrickfergus-online.info/images/banners/1.jpg 6.jpg http://www.carrickfergus-online.info/images/banners/6.jpg 7.jpg http://www.carrickfergus-online.info/images/banners/7.jpg 2.jpg http://www.carrickfergus-online.info/images/banners/2.jpg   Video   Map Blue Plaques Paul Rodgers - Ship Builder  Paul Rodgers was born in 1834, the seventh of the ten children of Paul Rodgers and Sarah (Logan) of Slievetrue, Antrim. In 1852 he was apprenticed for six years to Carrickfergus shipyard. Read more Blue Plaques Daniel Cambridge VC Daniel Cambridge VC (27 March 1820 – 4 June 1882) born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, Ireland, was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. Read more Blue Plaques Louis MacNeice Frederick Louis MacNeice CBE (12 September 1907 – 3 September 1963) was an Irish poet and playwright.  Read more Blue Plaques Andrew Jackson Centre The Andrew Jackson Centre, also known as the Andrew Jackson Cottage, is the ancestral home of Andrew Jackson, 7th President of the United States. It is located in the village of Boneybefore in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.  Read more Blue Plaques William Ruddick William Ruddick was a former Newsletter reporter who was orphaned at the age of five when his father who was a deck engineer on the Titanic, lost his life on the Titanic. Read more Blue Plaques William III of England (King Billy) William III (Dutch: Willem III; 4 November 1650 – 8 March 1702) was a sovereign Prince of Orange of the House of Orange-Nassau by birth. Read more Blue Plaques Market House Former Market House, Carrickfergus - Located at Market Place, it was the Market House from 1775 - 1843 and the townhall from 1843 - 1935, Read more Blue Plaques Carrickfergus Parkrun Carrickfergus Parkrun   Seapark AC Seapark AC   R.M.S. Titanic R.M.S. Titanic   African American troops African American troops   St Nicholas Church History St Nicholas Church History Featured News 1st Ranger Battalion Camp 1st Ranger Battalion Camp Read more ... Carrickfergus Castle History Carrickfergus Castle History Read more ... African American troops African American troops Read more ... Churchill Mark VII Tank Churchhill Mark VII Tank Read more ...  Start   Prev  1  2   Next   End  August 2017 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Keep up to date with all events in Carrickfergus, with our Pod Cast. Sponsors Facebook Categories History Blue Plaques Maps User Login Username Password Remember Me Log in Category: History African American troops African American troops   Churchill Mark VII Tank Churchhill Mark VII Tank   Carrickfergus Castle History Carrickfergus Castle History Category: Blue Plaques Paul Rodgers - Ship Builder  Paul Rodgers was born in 1834, the seventh of the ten children of Paul Rodgers and Sarah (Logan) of Slievetrue, Antrim. In 1852 he was apprenticed for six years to Carrickfergus shipyard.   William Ruddick William Ruddick was a former Newsletter reporter who was orphaned at the age of five when his father who was a deck engineer on the Titanic, lost his life on the Titanic.   Louis MacNeice Frederick Louis MacNeice CBE (12 September 1907 – 3 September 1963) was an Irish poet and playwright.  History Old Carrickfergus Town Churchill Mark VII Tank African American troops 1st Ranger Battalion Camp Carrickfergus Castle History Blue Plaques Paul Rodgers - Ship Builder Daniel Cambridge VC Louis MacNeice Andrew Jackson Centre William Ruddick Clubs and Groups Carrickfergus Photographic Society Seapark AC Carrickfergus Parkrun The Carrickfergus-Online! name is used under license in the United Kingdom and other countries.Carrickfergus-Online is not affiliated with or endorsed by other web sites by a similar name!. Copyright 2012 carrickfergus-online.com. All rights reserved. All photos used on this site are only for the use of carrickfergus-online.com .Web Design Carrickfergus Go to top
