HOME | The Celebrating Path of Enlightenment |  Aumaujaya Mudra Meditation The Celebrating Path of Enlightenment Home Know More DiscoursesCollection of Discourses Events CalendarEvents conducted by Organization Social Welfare ActivitiesOur Regular Programmes for the World Welfare AUYSAAumaujaya United Young Stars Association Mudra MeditationAUMAUJAYA Mudra-Meditation panchayutaasFive grace transmitting devices Rushi Dharma BodhaReintroduce the ancient wisdom Swayambuhu Sadguru Dharma ShastramuThe significance of Sadhguru Thathwam Telugu MagazinesCollection of Telugu Magazines Full Moon Day SatsungConducted once in a month ADCVY WorkShopOnce in every 3 months Thursday SatsangConducted Every Thursday AVMS WorkshopConducted Every First Sunday Bhagavad Gita SatsangConducted Every Monday Aumaujayaa News Gallery AudioAumaujaya Devotional Songs Videos Images About Jaimahavibhoshri Aumaujaya Forum Contact Us Register Login You are here:   Home News AVMS 4th Anniversary Celebrations at Nizamabad Aug 05, 2017 Super User The Celebrating Path of enlightenment grandly celebrated the 4th anniversary of… 150 Read More News Free Medical Camp at Borgaon, Nizamabad on 29th July 2017 Aug 01, 2017 Super User The free medical camp was conducted on 29th, July 2017 at Government Primary School,… 122 Read More News Guru Pournami Celebrations 2017 at Mahabubnagar Jul 22, 2017 Super User The Celebrating Path of Enlightenment grandly celebrated the Guru Purnima at… 344 Read More News Free Medical Camps at Mahabubnagar on 4th July 2017 Jul 16, 2017 Super User After the successful free medical camp which was conducted last month, The Celebrating… 195 Read More News Free Medical Camp at Mahabubnagar on 8th June 2017 Jul 16, 2017 Super User With the noble intent of serving the humanity, The Celebrating Path of Enlightenment… 98 Read More News International Yoga day Celebrations at Mumbai Jun 18, 2017 Super User Aumaujaya Oorjeeshaa Nilayam, Mumbai (AON) is celebrating the International Yoga day. The… 307 Read More News Social Service Event on May 1st (Maharashtra Day ) May 09, 2017 Super User With the Blessings of the beloved Master Jaimahavibhoshri, Aumaujaya Oorjeeshaa Nilayam… 343 Read More News Drinking water Stall at Jubilee Bus Stand, Hyderabad Apr 27, 2017 Super User WE AUYSA Team has put up a drinking water stall at Jubilee Bus Stand, Hyderabad. They… 349 Read More Activities of The Celebrating Path of Enlightenment Aumaujaya Vishwa Mahila Seva Samithi is a group formed by the celebrating path of enlightenment to empower to women in the world Read More... Bhagavad Gita Satsang Every monday is is conducted by Parama Sadguru Jaimahavibhoshri in english Read More... Thursday day satsang on guru gita Satsang means to get the oneself, Sat means the truth, Sanga means communion with the originality Read More... Pournami Satsang once in every month is a group formed by the celebrating path of enlightenment to empower to women in the world Read More...         Rushi Dharma Bodha is a one day workshop conducted by the Parama Satguru JaimahavibhoshriRead More... Aumaujaya United Young Stars Association Jaimahavibhoshri helps youth to enrich their inner potentials to get success in life Read More... Aumaujaya Dhyana Chaitanya Vihara Yatra This is Dhyanachaitanya Vihara Yatra (A workshop in the forest) which is conducted in the Read More... Social Welfare activities are conducted by the celebrating path of enlightenment Read More... Social Service Event on May 1st (Maharashtra Day ) Print Email Details With the Blessings of the beloved Master Jaimahavibhoshri, Aumaujaya Oorjeeshaa Nilayam (AON), Mumbai has distributed food packets to everyone on the occasion of Maharashtra Day and May Day. The event started at 06:15 pm and ended at 8:30 pm. Food packets were served at Aumaujaya Oorjeeshaa Nilayam (AON), Gorai 1, Borivali West, Mumbai. The food was served to all age groups; nearly 200 food packets were distributed. Many people also attended the pooja which was performed at the centre. All the Bhaktomaujaya's actively participated in the event and made it a grand success. The organisation conducts such social welfare activities throughout the year on different occasion under the supervision of our beloved Master Jaimahavibhoshri. Bhaktomaujayas who served for this noble cause told that participating in such activities gives then a great satisfaction and happiness. They also involved their children in food packets distribution who served with great joy and with celebrating mood. AUMAUJAYA BLESSINGS TO ALL   Read more: Social Service Event on May 1st (Maharashtra Day ) Only Sadguru tries to enlighten you beyond him Print Email Details Just do service and see, the goodness will strengthen within you.Just donate for good cause and see, the humanity will strength within you.Just attend the Sadguru's Divine Satsang and see, the divinity will increase within you.Just do Divine Campaign and see, the divinity will raise within you. By doing all these, you will slowly become one with Sadguru.All these activities are to unite you with the one which is beyond. No one in this world will allow us to go beyond them, only Sadguru will tries to enlighten you beyond him. These four sentences are really very miraculous. There are the only four ways to unite with Sadguru. Service: lightens the godliness Donation: lightens the humanity Satsang - lightens the Divinity Divine Campaigning: Lightens the Sanctity Read more: Only Sadguru tries to enlighten you beyond him Emptiness: The Place where Sadguru Resides Print Email Details If you drill a well water will come out. Similarly, if we dig the emptiness the Sadguru will come into your life. If you just go on seeing the emptiness, you will get the Dharshan of Sadguru. Like how digging a well will give you water is the truth, similarly, if you dig the emptiness, getting the Sadguru's Dharshan, experiencing the Sat-Chit-Ananda and showering of his love on you is also a truth.   Read more: Emptiness: The Place where Sadguru Resides Page 1 of 4 Start Prev 1 2 3 4 Next End Your browser does not support HTML5 audio + video. Your browser does not support HTML5 audio + video. Your browser does not support HTML5 audio + video. Facebook Aumaujaya Albums Aumaujaya Chaitanya Naadam Aumaujaya Chaitanya Naadam Aumaujaya Premamrutham Aumaujaya Premamrutham Karunamaya Aumaujaya Karunamaya Aumaujaya Who's Online We have 34 guests and no members online Latest News A conscious person do not require any degree You are the writer, director and guide to your life We should all put our efforts to attain the ‘Vasudaika Kutumbam.' Dealing with your strengths and weaknesses You have very limited time in your life Paramaathma says that I will give you opportunities unless you are tired The Situation has come to God to incarnate in your form There is no weakness in the blood of the Indians Articles Most Read About Jaimahavibhoshri Mudra Meditation Full Moon Day Satsang ADCVY WORKSHOPS Thursday Satsang Be a witness unto yourself How do I know myself ? Selfishness Login Welcome to the Land of Grace Username Password Remember Me Log in Create an account Forgot your username? Forgot your password? May Mahavibho Bless you Register Name * Username * Email Address * Confirm Email Address * Password * Confirm Password * Address 1 Address 2 City Region Country Postal/ZIP Code Phone Website Favourite Book About Me Date of Birth Security Code; * Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required. Register Copyright © 2017. The Celebrating Path of Enlightenment | Aumaujaya Mudra Meditation. Designed by Shape5.com Joomla Templates Scroll Up
