UKTrustSeal.com - Trust Seal Logo For Your Website +44 800 088 5781 [email protected] Login Login Search... Apply Now Home Get Trust Seal Why UKTrustSeal Disputes New Dispute View Dispute Status Contacts Act Confidently Online With Our Trust Seal We bring cofidence to your customersGet Trust Seal Keep Your Visitors Trust With UK Trust Logo We can insure you from any kind of troubleApply Now WebSite Trust Seal Verification Process Trust Seal Disputes Web Site Trust Seal We protect you in more ways than you'd think. A web site showing our trust seal simply indicates the web site is safe and secure to do business with. In other words, the web site showing our seal is genuine. That means we have already checked the web site and the business, verified its ownership.Apply Now Verification Process We make sure the business you are trading with is providing valid information and collecting and storing users information in a proper way. This includes collecting users personal and financial information. Once we are confident all is right we issue the seal.Apply Now Trust Seal Once certified, we will provide a link to the web site. The link display our trust seal and users can see business details and level of verification of the web site by clicking the seal.Apply Now Disputes We act as intermediary between users and the business. All you need is to file a file a complaint. We will ask the business to sort it out. If the business fails to satisfy the customer we revoke the business Trust Seal.Apply Now What is UK Trust Seal? A Trust Seal is a logo displayed on your website pages. It proves your website and your business is verified and you are legit. You gain trust of your visitors by showing them a proof of your validity and you are who you say you are. The seal is a HTML markup code which you simply upload anywhere on your webpage. We issue the seal once we verify your business. A Logo To Trust The professionals at UKTrustSeal Company are experts in their fields and will help you to bring trust to your website. We look forward to working with you! Full Control Panel 24/7 Friendly Support Live Monitoring + Logs Easy to install and inegrate Apply Now 1450 Seals issued 23 Million Seal View 10 Years of Experience 196 Professional Agents Seal Verification Process Apply Now Register Your Details Fill out your details Apply Now Upload Documents Upload Business Documents Apply Now Review We Review Your Business Apply Now Seal Issued We Email Your Seal Trust is a huge part of getting customers to buy from your website Tj McCue(Smallbiztreds.com) Marketing Expert When an online shopper lands on a website, a substantial amount of trust needs to be build in order to get their sale. Marie Dean Sales Advisor Most respondents purchased something online at least once per week (98%) with over two-fifths (42%) feeling concerned about security at least half the time. Ben Labay Editor of conversionxl.com Pricing Fixed Price Trust Seal One-Time Verification and Issuing Fee: $29.95 If we are not able to verify your business or issue the seal you will receive %100 refund. Verification takes 3 working days. Not happy? Request a full refund within 30 days. Apply Now UK Trust Seal provides website owners with a secure seal that displays a trust logo. The seal brings trust for responsible website owners. A seprate dispute section deals with complaints lodged by the visitors. Buy Your Seal Now Quick links Home Why UKTrustSeal Disputes Contacts Buy Seal Terms Contact us +44 800 088 5781 [email protected] 2 Kingdom Street, London, UK W2 6BD  © UKTRUSTSEAL. Privacy Policy Terms Refund Policy
