Cloudsource Technologies – Discover the Freedom of Cloud Skip to content 0330 2000 200enquiries@cloudsource.co.uk FacebookTwitterLinkedinYouTube Cloudsource Technologies Discover the Freedom of Cloud Why Cloud? Solutions Cloud Phone Systems Hybrid Phone Systems IT Solutions Unified Communications Mobile Telecoms CloudMedia Social WiFi IP Surveillance Utilities Professional Marketing on Hold Dealer Channel About About Us News Careers Engineering jobs Admin Jobs Sales Jobs Support Jobs Case Studies Support Technical Support User Training Videos & Guides Downloads Centre Contact Dealer Portal Search:   Home Why Cloud? Solutions Cloud Phone Systems Hybrid Phone Systems IT Solutions Unified Communications Mobile Telecoms CloudMedia Social WiFi IP Surveillance Utilities Marketing on Hold Dealer Channel About About Cloudsource News Careers with Cloudsource Engineering jobs Admin Jobs Sales Jobs Support Jobs Case Studies Support Technical Support User Training Videos & Guides Downloads Centre Contact Dealer Portal Discover the Freedom of the Cloud Faster, more productive, more cost efficient and more secure – life’s just better in the cloud! Discover how with Cloudsource Technologies. Request a Call Back Welcome to a new way of finding the right cloud solution for your business One Bill Simplify your life with all your business technology on one monthly bill from one provider. We Listen We use all of our knowledge, experience and enthusiasm to provide the best advice and best solutions by simply listening to you. Award Winning We’re a multi award-winning provider, so you can be confident that your business is in safe hands. About Cloudsource Our Solutions Cloud Phone Systems Our Cloud Phone Systems are feature-rich, easily scalable and cost effective.Find out more » Hybrid Phone Systems Improve your phone system’s resiliency and reduce costs with a hybrid cloud solution.Find out more » Unified Communications Integrate your communications across all your devices and work collaboratively, even when you’re on the move.Find out more » Social WiFi Increase your online exposure and gather valuable customer information with this powerful marketing tool.Find out more » Professional Marketing on Hold Create custom messages on hold, including auto attendant, message on hold, IVR, queue systems and website audio.Find out more » IT Solutions From Cloud-based IT solutions to on-premise hardware, Cloudsource are with you every step of the way.Find out more » Mobile Telecoms Take time out of the office without affecting your business and receive calls, emails & documents whilst on the move.Find out more » Utilities Secure the best rates and simplify monitoring of your energy consumption using our smart meters.Find out more » IP Surveillance Keep a watchful eye from anywhere and protect your business using our IP surveillance solutions.Find out more » CloudMedia Our unique Cloud-based media platform simplifies and enhances the way retailers promote themselves to customers on-site.Find out more » Is your business ready for the ISDN Switchover? All UK business must migrate to IP Telephony – make sure you’re ready. Get Ready Benefits of Cloud Cloud Technology is the perfect solution for the growing business with a range of benefits, including: Full phone system functionality without the physical hardware. Zero or minimal upfront costs and low monthly charges. Multi-site organisations can work across the same system, meaning free calls between sites and better business collaboration. Reliable and secure with in-built business continuity and disaster recovery. Unified communications tools and features, such as smartphone apps and video conferencing. All UK businesses must move away from traditional ISDN networks to IP networks (SIP) so now is the ideal time to think about future-proofing your communications. Easily scales to simplify and support the growth of your business. Discover more benefits Award Winning Solutions Cloudsource News Mar102017 Cloudsource win Reseller of the Year 2017 Another fantastic night for Cloudsource at the annual Pragma Conference, where we were awarded Reseller of the Year 2017 Read more Introducing our new website We're so excited to finally unveil our new & improved website! It's simpler to navigate, more informative and with a clean and elegant design.31st July 2017 The Truth About Cloud There’s still a lot of misconceptions around Cloud technology, but Cloudsource are here to separate the fact from the fiction!28th July 2017 Comms Business SMB Reseller of the Year! We are over the moon to have been awarded Comms Business "SMB Reseller of the Year 2017"! 30th June 2017 Need help or advice? Let the Cloud experts guide you! Call us on 0330 200 201 today or request a call back. Call me back Need help or advice? Let the Cloud experts guide you! Call us on 0330 200 201 today or request a call back. Call me back Useful Links Technical Support Dealer Portal Careers Downloads Centre Terms & Conditions of Sale Contact Us Main office: 0330 2000 200 Sales team: 0330 2000 201 enquiries@cloudsource.co.uk Minerva House, 63-77 Hornby Street Bury BL9 5BW FacebookTwitterLinkedinYouTube About Cloudsource Cloudsource was born of a desire to be different by providing best advice and best practice solutions by actually listening to the customer. As a business we pride ourselves on listening to our customers and designing solutions that will fit their needs, and not just our own. Find out more about us > © Copyright 2017 Cloudsource Technologies, All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Sitemap bottom bar Go to Top This site uses cookies: Find out more.
