The Ad Contrarian skip to main | skip to sidebar August 17, 2017 Total Solar Eclipse Insider Summit Monday in North America we will be experiencing a total eclipse of the sun. A total eclipse occurs when God turns out the lights for few minutes because he has to do scheduled  maintenance. It is further proof (as if any were needed) that everything revolves around the earth. Otherwise how could airplanes get anywhere? Answer me that, Mr. Smart Guy! A total eclipse is different from a total ellipse. A total ellipse is a curve that is the locus of all points in the plane the sum of whose distances r_1 and r_2 from two fixed points F_1 and F_2 (the foci) separated by a distance of 2c is a given positive constant 2a.  This results in the two-center bipolar coordinate equation r_1 + r_2 = 2a, where "a" is the semimajor axis and the origin of the coordinate system is at one of the foci. The corresponding parameter "b" is known as the semiminor axis. But let's not dwell on the obvious. The question for marketers is how will they leverage the eclipse to create experiential brand purpose that will authentically resonate with consumers to contextualize the millennial target's relevant alignment with your ecosystem? Either that or something about engagement or blockchains. Here's why you don't want to miss the Total Solar Eclipse Insider Summit: Learn best practices, case studies, and newest tactics which can all be applied to your eclipsifying strategies. Understand emerging models of true one-to-one, highly personal, addressable and real-time eclipsification. Craft Identity Graphs and translate them into people-based eclipse shit. Use everything from  dynamic content tools and embedded multimedia to AI and cross channel data to serve what is relevant or at least edible. Plus all kinds of horseshit about conversations!  So, don't be left in the dark (get it?) The Total Solar Eclipse Insider Summit is the one must-attend marketing event of the year. There won't be another total solar eclipse for another billion years or something. And there won't be another Total Solar Eclipse Insider Summit until February. No comments: Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest August 16, 2017 Report: Over 40% Of Mobile Ad Impressions Fraudulent First the disclaimers: I'm not a researcher, I'm a copywriter. When I print research results I try to use only 3rd party sources I trust. There are often no perfectly dispassionate sources and you have to use some discretion. But unlike idiot agencies, you shouldn't rely on Facebook to tell you what Facebook's metrics are. Nevertheless, all research is modeling and interpretation so you always have to look at the source, the methodology and the credentials of the researchers before you take it too seriously. Having said that, a report issued last week by Marketing Science is pretty astounding. It claims that overall, 43% of mobile ad impressions they studied were fraudulent. This remarkable result is based on a study of 1 billion ad impressions from nearly 1,000 mobile apps. Marketing Science is the consulting company of Dr. Augustine Fou, whose credentials are pretty impressive. Here's a summary of what they found. Click to enlarge. Second, here's a summary of a study conducted by Dr. Fou on viewability. The bottom line is that he found only 41% of ads were viewable on open exchanges vs 91% for "good publishers" -- another ugly blemish for ad tech and programmatic buying. No comments: Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest August 08, 2017 Proof I'm An Idiot Before we get to today's indisputable proof that I am a complete idiot we have a long way to go, so stay focused. First we start with Oath. As you may know, Oath is the new name of Yahoo's parent company. Yahoo's parent company used to be called Yahoo, but when Yahoo sold off everything it owned that was worth anything the remaining dregs were branded "Oath." Only marketing people could come up with a name as alarmingly dumb, but we'll save that for another day. Oath now owns Yahoo, AOL, and a bunch of other rotting media carcasses. Working at Oath is a guy named David Shing. Shing is known as "Shingy" in certain circles. Shingy's title at Oath is "Digital Prophet" the same modest title he held at AOL for many years. I love Shingy. He is so monumentally full of shit that he makes bozos like me seem sensible in comparison. He also has amazing balls. Not just the little dimpled Titleist kind of balls, but big inflatable multi-colored beach ball kind of balls. Anyone who can get up in front of audiences and get away with the incomprehensible horseshit he spouts is my kinda guy. Plus he has the greatest  hair-do on the planet. Somewhere Between Jackie Kennedy and Phyllis Diller. With that as background, I was reading a piece in The Drum a few days ago that was sent to me by the great Claudia Caplan. It had me very confused. It was an article entitled  "‘Brand love must be core to the DNA of the brand’: Oath launches new video series exploring emotional connections"  The article stated that the video series was a group of "in-depth conversations" by Shingy with  "industry prodigies" to "explore the nuanced aspects of what drives brand love..." As you can imagine, within seconds I was strenuously exercising my gag reflex. Just for starters... - Are there 2 companies anywhere in the world that have destroyed their brands more thoroughly than Yahoo and AOL? In what bizarre universe do they have the balls to lecture anyone on "brand love?" - Is there a more profitless prophet anywhere on the planet than the fabulous Shingy? What have his brilliant futuristic insights done that have created a nickel's worth of value for AOL? But what really blew me away was the fawning, gee-whiz nature of the article. Shingy was referred to as a "digital prophet" without a hint of irony, as if he really was one. It posed the question, "what can brands do to make their customers fall in love with them?" as if "brand love" was a recognized fact instead of a steaming pile of marketing droppings. It promoted the participants in this festival of horseshit as "some of the most respected and interesting minds in media, marketing, and entertainment" who were offering "one-of-a-kind insights and rare perspectives on how brands can make that crucial emotional connection with the consumer." I read the article three times in utter disbelief. It claimed Shingy "represents a nexus of brand and individual, thinker and marketer, and analog and digital, making him the perfect choice to lead this conversation." What kind of journalism is this? What the fuck is going on here? I asked myself. And then I saw it. Greyed out, near the name of the so-called "reporter", were the words "Sponsored by: Oath." The whole thing was a fucking ad masquerading as journalism. You'd think a cynical old fox like me wouldn't be fooled by the despicable, corrupt games the online media are playing. But I was. Is it any wonder that nobody trusts a fucking word they read from online "news" sites. Except, of course, from bloggers. No comments: Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Bob's New Book New Website "The Best Speaker We've Ever Had" Time Inc, UK Bob Speaks Bob's Newsletters Subscribe to Newsletter Here Bob's Books "WARNING: This book will make you laugh out loud." Time, Inc "I wish I'd been brave enough to be this rude" Prof. Byron Sharp, author "How Brands Grow" "Caustic Yet Truthful" - The Wall Street Journal "The Most provocative Man In Advertising" Fuel Lines "Savage Critiques Of Digital Hype" The Financial Times "Fabulously Irreverent" Time, Inc. CONTACT BOB Here Over 60,000 people have watched Bob's talk at Advertising week, Europe You Are Caller Number... Click Image Ad Contrarian Says: "Creative people make the ads. Everyone else makes the arrangements." "Delusional thinking isn't just acceptable in marketing today -- it's mandatory." "Good ads appeal to us as consumers. Great ads appeal to us as humans." "Social Media: Tens of millions of disagreeable people looking to make trouble." "As an ad medium, the web is a much better yellow pages and a much worse television." "Sometimes success in the advertising business is about sitting quietly and letting clients proceed with their hysterical delusions." "Marketers prefer precise answers that are wrong to imprecise answers that are right." "Brand studies last for months, cost hundreds of thousands of dollars, and generally have less impact on business than cleaning the drapes." "The idea that the same consumer who was frantically clicking her TV remote to escape from advertising was going to merrily click her mouse to interact with it is going to go down as one of the great advertising delusions of all time." "Nobody really knows what "creativity" is. Every year thousands of people take a pilgrimage to find out. This involves flying to Cannes, snorting cocaine, and having sex with smokers." "Marketers habitually overestimate the attraction of new things and underestimate the power of traditional consumer behavior." "We don’t get them to try our product by convincing them to love our brand. We get them to love our brand by convincing them to try our product." "In American business, there is nothing stupider than the previous generation of management." "If the message is right, who cares what screen people see it on? If the message is wrong, what difference does it make?" "The only form of product information on the planet less trustworthy than advertising is the shrill ravings of web maniacs." "There's no bigger sucker than a gullible marketer convinced he's missing a trend." "All ad campaigns are branding campaigns. Whether you intend it to be a branding campaign is irrelevant. It will create an impression of your brand regardless of your intent." "Nobody ever got famous predicting that things would stay pretty much the same." Blog Archive ▼  2017 (48) ▼  August (4) Total Solar Eclipse Insider Summit Report: Over 40% Of Mobile Ad Impressions Fraudule... Proof I'm An Idiot Marketers And Millennials ►  July (4) ►  June (4) ►  May (5) ►  April (8) ►  March (8) ►  February (6) ►  January (9) ►  2016 (91) ►  December (5) ►  November (9) ►  October (8) ►  September (6) ►  August (5) ►  July (5) ►  June (7) ►  May (10) ►  April (9) ►  March (10) ►  February (7) ►  January (10) ►  2015 (127) ►  December (8) ►  November (12) ►  October (12) ►  September (10) ►  August (12) ►  July (5) ►  June (11) ►  May (10) ►  April (11) ►  March (12) ►  February (11) ►  January (13) ►  2014 (138) ►  December (13) ►  November (9) ►  October (13) ►  September (9) ►  August (11) ►  July (9) ►  June (13) ►  May (15) ►  April (11) ►  March (10) ►  February (13) ►  January (12) ►  2013 (138) ►  December (12) ►  November (8) ►  October (10) ►  September (9) ►  August (9) ►  July (13) ►  June (13) ►  May (15) ►  April (13) ►  March (13) ►  February (11) ►  January (12) ►  2012 (166) ►  December (15) ►  November (8) ►  October (17) ►  September (10) ►  August (16) ►  July (13) ►  June (13) ►  May (19) ►  April (14) ►  March (12) ►  February (15) ►  January (14) ►  2011 (154) ►  December (16) ►  November (11) ►  October (13) ►  September (11) ►  August (3) ►  July (14) ►  June (13) ►  May (15) ►  April (19) ►  March (14) ►  February (11) ►  January (14) ►  2010 (183) ►  December (1) ►  November (9) ►  October (17) ►  September (19) ►  August (13) ►  July (12) ►  June (22) ►  May (17) ►  April (17) ►  March (22) ►  February (18) ►  January (16) ►  2009 (235) ►  December (21) ►  November (13) ►  October (13) ►  September (1) ►  August (21) ►  July (25) ►  June (24) ►  May (25) ►  April (24) ►  March (24) ►  February (23) ►  January (21) ►  2008 (250) ►  December (18) ►  November (20) ►  October (23) ►  September (21) ►  August (20) ►  July (20) ►  June (23) ►  May (24) ►  April (24) ►  March (20) ►  February (14) ►  January (23) ►  2007 (98) ►  December (15) ►  November (13) ►  October (22) ►  September (28) ►  August (17) ►  July (3) Ad Contrarian Anthem Buttons Subscribe to blog Follow on LinkedIn Follow @AdContrarian on Twitter Subscribe to Newsletter Behind The Curtain View my complete profile Powered by Blogger.   (C) Copyright Bob Hoffman, 2015. All rights reserved.
