IPHONE MOD Pages Web Toolbar by Wibiya Facebook Feed Burner Google Plus Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Youtube IPHONE MOD accessories 6:18 AM Continue Reading Share | center 6:10 AM Continue Reading Share | now 6:09 AM Continue Reading Share | 5 Steps on How to Cut Music on iTunes aac 5:18 AM Have you ever experienced the situation where you wish to chop some unwanted music in the beginning or end, or perhaps just get over the whistles and cries of the fans before the singer arrives on the dais at a live concert? Well, the simple yet wonderful control of custom start and stop time provided by iTunes might come in handy then. It helps to omit the starting or the ending portion of a song while keeping the original file intact. Here tips and tricks on how to cut music on iTunes to get your desired effect. Step 1: Import the song to your iTunes Library To edit the song, you need to first have it in your iTunes library. Press ‘Ctrl-O’ in iTunes OR press ‘File  Add File to Library’. From the navigation window, click on the song you wish to edit, and choose ‘Open’. iTunes usually supports most of the music formats including inter alia MP3, WAV etc. Step 2: Mark the time Let the song play in iTunes. Pen down the start and the end time of the part of the song that you want to retain. In order to find out the exact time from where the desired version of your song should start and end, check out the Status pane at the top-center part of the iTunes window while the song is being played. In order to shift swiftly on the Status pane, drag the slider to jump to the desired value through the song and note the exact value where you want your song to start and end. Step 3: Start and Stop With the time details ready, ‘Right click’ on the title of the song that is being played, scroll down the options and choose ‘Get Info’. An Information window will appear on your screen. Now, click on the ‘Options’ tab that will help open the window where we can specify our desired values for the start and stop timings. Here, click the ‘Start’ and ‘Stop’ check boxes and click inside the Start time field to mention the start time and inside the Stop time filed to specify the time when the song should end. Click ‘OK’ to save the above changes. The time format will be minutes, seconds, and milliseconds. So, if your desired version of the song starts after cutting the first 5.3 seconds, the start value in the field will be 0:05.30 and say, it should end at 4 minutes, then you can type 4:00 in the Stop field. Note: Although this sound track will still reflect the original time length in your iTunes library yet when the song is being played, it will only play from the time specified by you and end similarly. Step 4: Save the new version In order to save your edited version to your iTunes library, ‘Right click’ on this edited version. From the options available, move down to select ‘Create New Version  Create AAC Version.’ The edited version of the song will be added to your iTunes library next to the original song. While the titles of these songs may be same, the duration will continue to vary. By selecting the AAC version, your edited song will be saved in M4A format, which goes along well with the music app of your choice. Step 5: Verify the duration If you wish to verify whether the edited version has been trimmed to the duration of your choice, ‘Right click’ on the new version of the song and from the options available select ‘Show in Windows Explorer’. An iTunes folder containing the new song will appear on your screen. Now, simply ‘Right Click’ on the song and select ‘Properties  Details’. Here you can verify the length of your edited song. There you go! You now have both, the original as well as the edited version in your iTunes library. Share the procedure, share the experience, and share the songs! Continue Reading Share | How To Install Cydia Alternative Zestia On iOS Without Jailbreak alternative 4:40 AM If you have been a part of the iOS jailbreak scene for any length of time, then you will already be acutely aware that jailbreaking has its issues even before you take into account any potential security concerns. Apple is constantly finding ways of stopping jailbreaking from even being possible depending on the hardware and version of iOS that you are using on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch, and that’s no fun when you are faced with an update that needs to be installed. It’s just no way to live. There are, however, ways to get a bit of the jailbreak and Cydia experience without having to go through all of the hoop-jumping that can sometimes be required in order to get a full jailbreak, and Zestia is one of those ways. While not quite the same as real jailbreaking, Zestia (previously known as X-Cydia) are perhaps a better alternative to stock iOS for some, and while it’s true that limitations are likely to be in place depending on what it is you’re looking for, this may be worth checking out if you want to jailbreak but for whatever reason, can’t. We’re going to run through the steps you need to take – none of them are difficult – and leave it up to you as to whether this is something you want to give a whirl. Here’s how things need to go down. Step 1: Using Safari, visit zestia.lmdinteractive.com on your iOS device and tap Install Zestia. As seen in the screenshot below. Step 2: Tap Install on the Profile page and enter your PIN if requested. Step 3: Hit Install a couple more times and finally, Done. Step 4: Press the Home button and you will find a new Zestia icon on your Home screen. Tap that. Step 5: Once in Zestia, choose the app you want to install and follow the procedure through to completion. It’s self explanatory and not at all dissimilar to using the App Store. Step 6: Launch the Settings app, then tap General > Profile, and finally tap the name of the app you just installed. Step 7: Tap the Trust option and then tap Trust again on the modal box that appears afterwards. Step 8: Launch your newly downloaded app! While not strictly Cydia, Zestia – like Mojo and others before it – will offer you apps that would never see the light of day in the App Store, so that may be enough to whet your appetite. If not, then a full jailbreak is still the best way forward unless you’re more of a purist and prefer your iOS devices as pure as the driven snow. In which case, how did you get this far through this post? Continue Reading Share | Plex Libary Share android 4:22 AM I have a massive amount of content on my Plex server with over 25TB of data. This includes over 5000 movies and over 547 TV shows. The amount of data grows daily. (No PORN) The server is a HP Enterprise Server 24x7 operation with 196GB of memory 24 Core DUAL 4.5GHZ possessors and teamed NICS that push the maximum about of network speed. I am looking to share my content with users who have lots of music, movies and TV shows as well. (NO PORN) Please send me a request of interested. Plex Username: danielb001 Email: danielb001@outlook.com. Source Continue Reading Share | Plex Server For share Over 4000 content android 4:19 AM i have a 24/7 server running full speed connection whit over 4000 movies i will share for free. Library Image if you like to get my share send me a mail @ endzone809@gmail.com Source Continue Reading Share | Older Stories About me I'm Phillysdon04 - I'm a Gadgetaholic. I'm passionate about Technology, Business and Travel. This blog is a place where I want to share all the things I love to you! Follow Us Facebook Feed Burner Google Plus Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Youtube Pinterest Advertise recent posts Blog Archive ▼  2017 (7) ▼  April (3) ►  February (1) ►  January (3) ►  2016 (14) ►  November (1) ►  October (1) ►  September (1) ►  August (11) ►  2015 (7) ►  November (7) ►  2014 (1) ►  March (1) ►  2013 (2) ►  July (1) ►  April (1) ►  2012 (19) ►  December (17) ►  July (2) Promo Packages Lyft New Driver Signon Bonus Lyft New Rider Credits Uber Auto Lease Program Uber New Driver Signon Bonus Uber New Rider Credits Menu Followers Total Pageviews Follow by Email COME AND GET IT !!! Subscribe to get the scoop on all the latest juicy bits. Featured ?orderby=published&alt=json-in-script&callback=showfeaturedpostswiththumbs'> Popular Posts [Hack] Spotify 5.7.0/Deezer 6.3.0 +1 [No-Jailbreak] For Spotify you will have Unlimited Skips, Change Sound Quality, No Ads and No forced shuffle (leaving out offline listening).  For... How To Chromecast MovieBox How to stream MovieBox downloads to Chromecast directly from your iDevice. I do not in any way endorse piracy. This should only be used to... [Hack] WhatsApp++ Twitter++ Snapchat++ Instagram++ FB++ YT++ On Non Jailbroken iPhone. you need a Mac and xCode from Mac App Store ( 5GB) Snapchat++ ( same as every other Snapchat Tweak ) Twitter++ ( Some sharing optio... Music Tweaks A few music tweaks.  Waveflow - used to get the animation on the album cover in the music app can also enable on lockscreen Colorf... How To Jailbreak & Hacktivate 6.1 iPhone 4/3Gs Untethered! Bypass Activation Screen No Sim Card How To Jailbreak & Hacktivate 6.1 iPhone 4/3Gs Untethered! Bypass Activation Screen Without Sim Card iOS 6 94 Comments Using th... [Hack] Snap++ For Snapchat v9.29.1.0 Hacked App: Snapchat  iTunes Link:  https://itunes.apple...d447188370?mt=8   Working on iOS 9.x.x (I havent tested iOS 8 and below... Umbra - Best Ad Blocker for Safari Browser, Free Content & Ads Block Extension By MoboTap Inc. Umbra is a content blocker extension for Safari.  Umbra helps you block the ads when surfing websites with Safari in iOS9 for iPhone/iPad. I... How to fix the dock connector on an AT&T/GSM iPhone 4 If your AT&T/GSM iPhone 4 won't recognize a charger when you plug it in, odds are you need a new dock connector. A dock connecto... [Tutorial] How to Install themes on your iPhone without a jailbreak 1)  Visit the  iSkin web page  in Safari on the iOS device you wish to theme. 2)  Scroll down and tap on the  Browse all themes   bu... How to fix the front-facing FaceTime camera on a AT&T/GSM iPhone 4 If you frequently use  FaceTime  or  Skype  on your iPhone 4, your front facing camera is no doubt important to you. If you're out o... Like us on Facebook Phillysdon04 Flickr Images Facebook Feed Burner Google Plus Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Youtube Created By ThemeXpose & Blogger Templates Back to top
