new home today betting tips www.oddstake.com football predictions BlindlightThe Watchers Communityefforts Unity!Hitlerian Pyramid jsigurPublisher PsyopsAll Hot!!to trot Welcome!Home-blog! PM Chatlog-in to use New beginnings OP Graveyardthey all gotta die! Know Thy Enemy New Way kumbayah Hitlerian Pyramidredo-HD How we all Got Here!misdirection! Log-inauthors SearchThis site ContactBlindlight UpdateAlley Anglin - "I was against the white race before I was for it." Secret Jews Heaproud BlackmanVK's husband? VK ReportClarstein ZCFBrandon Martinez SineadWatch EuroPerspective Jorjani"Watching" The BrandonCaper Why Hitler was Legit Any White Ethno-state Must be in Europe Europe Many Identarian Whites would find this thought repulsive. The "great white race" is great at  finding convenient noble explanations for everything associated with it. I understand that attitude when it comes to self or immediate family but race? The great white race that for so many years could never get… Read More How I Got Here Part III - Should Whites Have a Homeland? How I Got Here (Part III) - Should Whites Have a Homeland? Although much of this article is devoted to the development of my worldview since I became 911 aware, it is also laying down the foundation as to where rational, Jew-aware, white people can have a reasonable expectation to have a homeland… Read More The White Race Religion Manifesto Matt Hale and his "Little League parent" mom , Evelyn The White Race Religion does seem to seek a nationhood of whites that knows no borders, international in scope and all you need to have is 100% pure white blood (unless you are a sneaky Jew or 25% Indian who looks white and… Read More Jews surrounded Ferdinand and Isabella. Was the Inquisition really an Elder Imposed Pogram to Force the Jews into Europe? What we  know:  Ferdinand was Jewish on his mothers side.  Isabella had Jewish blood. Both were Jew friendly and surrounded by Jews.  Within 100 years, Jews had fomented chaos aimed against the Catholic church all throughout Europe, instigated in large measure by crypto Jews kicked out of Spain and financed… Read More A Different Slant on Race London sold to the public as poor white was actually a product of "The Rich Race" and pushed communismA Different Slant on Race In the beginning , there were four different races created through  isolation one from the other over thousands of years. If representatives of one or the other race made their way into the location… Read More The White Race "Better Than Thou" Myth, Residue Left Over From Jewish Colonialism Folks, it wasn't "White People" that wanted to colonize the world, it was the Jew and RICH PEOPLE. This above phrase was one of many techniques used to impart the spirit of Jewish colonialism to WHITE PEOPLE. Did it have to be white people? I doubt it. It was where Jews… Read More 1492 - It Was a Very Good Year! The Door Swings Open! Many things joined together in a pivotal way to make 1492 and events 50 years before and after a Jew World Order Timeline placemarker. The fall of the Byzantine Empire  behind the shoulders of a fake Muslim Crypto Jew  in 1453. The invention of the Printing  Press around 1450 and the Portueguese… Read More What We Have Here Is "A Failure to Communicate" It's "Reverse Colonialism" What's going on in Europe especially but we can include the United States, Australia and Canada is, in many ways, the same thing that happened beginning in 1453 when a Portuguese ship "looking for stuff" seemingly harmlessly landed  off the coast of South Africa beginning the age of colonialism. Africa… Read More Struggling to "Dig" the New World Order I first noticed this "convenience" quotient rising in the Chrome web browser, perhaps because I had been gun shy with Microsoft suggestions that I trust them.  Google Chrome has all your settings in the cloud and all you have to do is link and sync your new devise to the… Read More Brandon Martinez "Welds" the "Jewish Glasses" to his Forehead Powerful words and we see it occurring daily. Anyone who wishes to understand the modus operandi and  the mind set of the folks that rule us can go to  no more powerful a source than "The Protocols of ZIon", a book Zander seems to have de-emphasized as "no longer relevant" Anyone that is… Read More "Rage After Storm", one more pretty girl globalist hangout to push chaos for the elites Note, RageAfterStorm is Brittish but flies an American flag?"RageAfterStorm", one more pretty girl, globalist hangout to push chaos for the elites {BL - RageAfterStorm recently wiped her site clean of all her previous videos. Blindlight has previously noted similar behavior in fellow op Brandon Martinez. Blindlight surmises that ops are told to do that when their new videos… Read More Common Misdirection pertaining to Why England Stayed in WW I after 1916 Mufidah Kassalias, bless her soul, does what everyone does. She claims Jews are watching from the sidelines rooting for Germany, then all of a sudden realizes that, if they back England and Germany loses, Palestine will be in English hands. The presumption is made that Jewish propaganda dispersed throughout America… Read More The Inquisition and the Holocaust, Sisters under the Skin by Spain are precursors to what would be hurled at evil NAZIs after their defeat in WW II about the holocaust To explain better, till 1580,  what occurred during the Inquisition was a total reasonable response rectifying the issues of the times in a reasonable way. As promoted by yours… Read More A Quick Refresher on why the Rich and Jew Races are "the true enemies" We have been tearing up middle east countries not because the white race has a problem with those countries, but because the Rich and Jew races, for some sort of evolving global world order, have a problem with those countries as they are now. Read More › ‹ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 C.I.A. Connections of White Nationalist Leaders and Alternative Media Figures  August 20, 2017 Imgur — July 2017 see the chart ---------------------------- I missed this when it came out soon after Damigo's assault on a 90 lb. porn, anti-fa girl   Vincent Law, who seems to have CIA connections and is  the regular daily writer at altright.com decided to give us more reasons to see Nathan as a hero. My problem with all that is the MSM seems to wish to make Nathan a hero as well, with the Crusader Girl documentary starring Christian Picciolini as well as Nathan Damigo on Showtime. Recall, Crusader Girl was "rescued" by Picciolini who used the irresistible testimony of a holocaust denier (he claims) to sway her away from racialists. Nathan was portrayed as the friendly face of hate you will recall -------- Nathan Damigo has shown himself to be a true leader. He is a much-needed role model for our youth to emulate.  It seems as if, for now, the Alt-Right and the Alt-Light have found common ground through bleeding together on the battlefield, but this alliance is still an uneasy one. It is yet to be seen if this big tent coalition can move forward together without breaking apart, but as for right now, it is looking optimistic. **It seems clear that someone or group we can't see wishes Nathan well and many folks are doing their bit Source Hidden in plain site! I don't know who is behind this video but this is what the MSM consistently does. It teaches the public about the alt-right movement giving examples of folks not in the alt-right. Then with real alt-righters, who are mostly nazi apologizers (they apologize for the prior existence of nazis), they are then called neo-nazis. The reason for this is the MSM likes to pretend to educate you while misleading you. They don't want you to know what Hitler and real NS Germans actually stood for. They don't want you to recall that Germany was far and away the most prosperous country all through the 1930's because they dislodged from the Jewish banking system and made political decisions based on what was good for Germans and not what was good for internationalist Jewry. This is also why the holocaust was  invented, to make that distraction an easy task once the lie psyop was successfully implemented ----- The next two videos are standard Jewish techniques they have been doing for 500 years. Because they control the media, the goy have been kept ignorant of the true nature of what they are doing and why they are doing it. Blindlight is dedicated to keeping you informed as to the true nature of these types of provocations Adam Kokish, another Bolshevik masquerading as a Libertarian, did this a few years ago. The whole thing was a Jew op Bolshevik Jew of the Month, Rebel Media's Laura Loomer Early life[edit] Loomer was raised in Arizona by a Jewish father who taught her to identify as “ethnically, culturally and politically Jewish”, as a youngster Loomer was teased for being overweight and for having a “Jewish nose”; after high school Loomer attended Mount Holyoke College in Massachusetts, but left after just one semester for feeling targeted for being conservative, claiming she ate every single meal by herself; Loomer later transferred to Barry University in Miami, Florida.[5] Loomer, to the right, is proud anti-fa at heart Career[edit] Loomer is a former employee of conservative activist James O'Keefe, who is known for selectively edited undercover video investigations.[6] Loomer is the New York correspondent for the conservative Canadian news site The Rebel Media, nicknamed The Rebel, that has been referred to as the “Canadian Breitbart.”[5][7] Barry University stunt[edit] In March 2015, Loomer used a concealed video camera to record her conversations with Barry University officials, on the concept of starting a club called “Sympathetic Students in Support of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria;” the school allegedly responded asking she instead change the name to “Students in Support of the Middle East,” the video of her encounter was released by James O'Keefe with Project Veritas.[5] Her video allegedly captured a university official "unfazed" at the notion of starting an on-campus organization that would support ISIS.[8] Shortly after the edited video was released by O'Keefe, Loomer was suspended by Barry University for violating student code of conduct rules; criminal charges were also filed against her for taping university officials without their knowledge or consent.[9] At the time, Loomer was an honors student in her senior year, the president of Barry University's Young Republicans Club, and majoring in communications.[10] Julius Caesar play disruption[edit] On June 16, 2017, Loomer disrupted the Shakespeare in the Park production of Julius Caesar in New York City, by walking on stage during the live performance shortly after Caesar was assassinated.[11] Before being escorted off the stage by security, Loomer shouted “Stop the normalization of political violence against the right! This is unacceptable!”.[12] The play portrayed a "Trump-like" Caesar with a Slovenian-accented wife.[13] Loomer, who is pro-Trump, was arrested for disorderly conduct and trespassing.[14][15] The Public Theater responded by saying although they're "champions" of the First Amendment, the disruption was caused by "social media".[16] On June 19, 2017, The Washington Post reported they didn't believe Loomer was genuinely offended by the play, that she disrupted it for attention and to collect a $1,000 bounty that was offered, to anyone who would disrupt the production.[17] On June 20, 2017, The Daily Beast reported that ‘Free Laura', a website for soliciting donations for her arrest, was purchased by Loomer's employer Ezra Levant, the owner of The Rebel Media, six hours before the play started, according to domain records.[18] Loomer was also promoting separately a WeSearchr page for donations, that had received $12,385 from 241 contributors, receiving more money in donations than the normal penalties for the charges she was facing.[19] On June 19, 2017, as a guest on Fox News Hannity, Loomer admitted she knew disrupting the Shakespeare in the Park play would result in criminal charges against her, during the interview Loomer compared the "Trump-like" Caesar assassination to a May 2017 video of former CNN host Kathy Griffin holding a mask of a bloody severed head of President Donald Trump, Loomer called the Caesar play and the Griffin video "assassination porn" and accused the "left" of a systematic pattern of using free speech and art as a pretext to promote violence against President Donald Trump and the "right".[20] Other activities[edit] Infiltration of Clinton campaign[edit] In August 2015, Time reported Loomer and two women posing as Allison Holmes, Jess Koski, and Jess Jones, infiltrated the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign in July, 2015, attempting to lure Clinton's interns into voter-election schemes that were illegal; Loomer was later identified in photographs shown to the Clinton campaign as one of the three women, it was unclear if the Clinton campaign did anything improper or illegal.[21] Huma Abedin stunt[edit] On November 8, 2016, the day of the national election, Loomer strolled into a polling station dressed in a burqa and asked for a ballot under the name of Huma Abedin.[1] Anti-Sharia rally[edit] In June 2017, Loomer gave a speech to a crowd of anti-sharia marchers in New York City and condemned “liberals who aligned themselves with sharia law”.[22] Loomer put a burqa on the Fearless Girl statue adjacent to the Merrill Lynch building.[23] Chelsea Clinton book signing[edit] On June 7, 2017, at a Chelsea Clinton book signing event in New York City, Loomer asked Chelsea to sign a copy of her new children's book "She Persisted" to Juanita Broaddrick, one of former President Bill Clinton's most persistent accusers. The former first daughter refused to sign it.[24] A Message from Jim Stone RUMOR: Jared Kushner and Ivanka are getting the boot by Trump who finally figured out there is something seriously wrong there. RUMOR: Bannon has said that Trump is taking the gloves off, and that it is not going to be "the same presidency". RUMOR: Trump has issued a national emergency that will prevent his impeachment while he cleans house. Let's hope that's the case, and that we are only witnessing shots being fired from both sides, as Trump takes his. Shutting down alt media will be absolutely key for Trump's enemies. Let's see if I can stay visible, already many have vanished, it is not just the Daily Stormer. NOT RUMOR: THIS WEB SITE (Stone's) SUPPORTS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, AND TO HELL WITH THE REST OF THE GOVERNMENT! GO TRUMP! Speaking of Bolshevik Jews. Look who's doing the communist fist Boy, does he look bourgiosse <<<<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>>>>> If you ask me, I believe Renegade's Kyle  and Sinead are trying to implement the Rebel model for raising money. They have a long way to go but. Just notice all their stories that play up their donation funding campaigns. They gear their news to shekel raking! Jew op, "The Daily Stormer"! Did it take your money and run!. Is Putin a pedophile as Sinead claims to bolster her anti-pedophile shekel driven campaign at Renegade? WIll the people ever  realize the full extent of their Jewish programming and commit to a volunteerist effort to undo the money monopoly Jew driven world order enabled by material wealth obsession? Are you watching Fox News more but enjoying it less? Why does Sinead love black gay faggots and hate WN faggots? Why does Sinead have behind the curtain sex with anti-Hitler cult propagandist VK Clark? Why is VK Clark scared to make a video of herself with her talking on camera? How long will Brandon Martinez be anti-Putin? How long will Jews dominate the anti-semitic controlled op run by Richard Spencer, Jason Jorjani, and Daniel Friberg (Jewish)? Stay tuned for Blindlight has or will have all the answers while not thinking up reasons for you to fund his efforts. But make no mistake, the movement wants, it needs your participation. No one else can take your place>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Here's Laura before she started obsessing on chocolate I posted the three videos below, yesterday. You learn what an ass hole Ezra Levant is (already knew), that's for sure, but, as I think about it, without having researched these two "pretty boys" that black mailed "Rebel Media", I am now thinking it's liberal payback for what "Project Veritas" has been doing recently whom Rebel closely associates with There are no innocent participants here and no one deserves any money from "WE THE PEOPLE". Recall the Jew-bitch and she really is a BOLSHEVIK, Laura Loomer, using Bolshevik tactics very similar to operations like "Femen" was at Project Veritas before joining Rebel. IMO, Project Veritas an extremely sleezy MSM op that should get married to Rebel Media because they perfectly represent what the JWO is all about (Note, Blindlight supported neither Clinton nor Trump so notes without bias the Bolshevik, anti-free speech behavior of Loomer for what it is, typical Jewish tactic to sew dissension and disharmony in the host population. Sadly the goyim often totally fall for this crap and give huge amounts of money to their subversive heroes) Notice the cameraman above in on the psyop and defaming  the only country to defend goyim interests since 1492. Poor persecuted Rebel Media! It's almost another shoa!!! Clearly, Rebel Media paid the money because they had something to hide. This isn't hard to figure out. I also believe it's clear these two gay hustlers had behind the curtain backing which is why Ezra took them so seriously. I find it very interesting the professional on camera delivery by the pretty boy below. The quality of the video only affirms deep state backing and that this was a psyop from the beginning. Notice, demeanor of the pretty boy screams multi-generational rich race controller! (read my article on race in other words, both sides are playing we the people).He's so innocent, like Jews are innocent. You should believe him goy! He's doing this as a public service to protect us, lol! Now, time for MSM liberal media treating these "whistle blowers" as heroes. Enjoy Vince McMahon's latest over the next few weeks! Brandon slowly transforms into what he really isWith the "They Live" glasses on, Brandon Martinez's true nature becomes apparent A Jew's warning to other Jews: Fascism is not an accidental phenomenon. It arises in places where we underestimate the local people's efforts to be the owners of their own land Translation "Better watch those goy, Schlomo, if you give them the chance they may get the notion they have a right to rule themselves" I have heard several folks claim Anglin has Jewish links (Joshua Goldberg, Richard Spencer, Mike Enoch, Weev Aurenheimer) and very well may be working for them Unnecessary harsh gutter talk language to push goy  on goy hate is the sign of a secret Jew at work assigned to  smudge the white image for onlookers. --------------- ZCF who became Brandon Martinez and then deleted three years work and started over with opposite advocacy. Folks, you are seeing a government shill when you watch Brandon, a closet neo-con, a person with no moral compass and probably an ethnic Jew and Verdant Citizen totally nails his ass to the cross!Jim Stone on web censorship after the Charlottesville false flag If only it were true..........(below) THE REAL CRACK DOWN ON ALT MEDIA IS HAPPENING NOW To be defined as a hate group that needs to be banned, all you have to do is be mainstream conservative. The Electronic Frontier Foundation has come down on our side of the issue The Daily Stormer, in my opinion, did go over the line as they often do. However, if people want to read that, then whatever. Here's the current scenario, which I already covered days before anyone else even knew about it: Step one was Godaddy took the Dailystormer down without warning. Step two was ICANN then banned the Dailystormer too, to prevent them from seeking out a new provider. Step 3 was The Daily Stormer then tried getting going on GAB, and GOOGLE THEN BANNED GAB. Step 4: All conservative web sites were then slated as hate sites, and to whatever extent they can get away with it, all will be banned by Icann, Google, web hosts, fundraising sites, and Paypal. Yes, first deny ads, and then deny any possible way to survive at all. Quite the slippery slope! It is all a setup. Charlottesville was staged to kick it off. There is no question Charlottesville was set up and executed by: The DNC, Communists, Hillary holdovers in the State Department, the FBI and other intelligence, and it is now known that no true conservatives organized anything at all. Both sides were a sham, and they set up a murder scene as the crowning moment. No conservatives did anything at all at Charleston. Not one true Neo Nazi, "White supremacist" or conservative did anything newsworthy at all. It was purely a leftist scam, and now we are seeing leftist corporate interests give it a frutiful afterlife. IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE IN BOSTON FOR THE NEXT SCAM TOMORROW, BRING A SUPER ZOOM CAMERA, I DON'T CARE HOW OLD BECAUSE IT WILL BLOW AWAY A CELL PHONE JUST BECAUSE OF THE LENS, AND RECORD THE WHOLE * THING FROM A DISTANCE. Yeah, if you get anything good Youtube will censor it, I know, but at least you will have it, and if you get anything good, DO NOT delete it off the memory card, simply plug the memory card in, offload the file, and save it because your computer probably will end up wiped, and if it does get wiped, don't put that memory card back in it again - use something else. Any old optical super zoom will blow away a 20 megapixel cell phone for this type of thing, every single time. If you have an old one, dig it out and use it. Obviously if you have anything newer, USE IT. Stay away from the action. Stand on the "grassy knoll" and document. The left has made it's decision: That decision is to stage crime after crime in the name of the alt media and conservatives, and then use those crimes as an excuse to erase them. I have to check my own status to see if I have been targeted (my web host has not done anything bad) but I still have to see what else might have been done. We may well be in the final hour, everyone from Brietbart to sites like this. They are going to take off all they can possibly get away with. It was not just the daily stormer, there were over 30 they took down but I can't get the list anywhere. They are just using the Daily Stormer as an example because that site really did post something tasteless (they frequently do) but they have great cutting edge stuff also. Anyway, I rambled a bit with this, because the situation is such a mess. The bottom line is that the communists who have already wrecked and censored the schools and colleges and obviously the MSM are trying to bring the same thing to the web RIGHT NOW. The only group that stood up to them was the Electronic Frontier foundation. That is better than nothing I guess, because they are prominent, but they can't tell Google, or anyone else, what not to do..........http://82.221.129.208/baaaasepaaged3.html -------------- It appears that over the last year or so, the neo-cons have decided  to infiltrate the alternative controlled media to push their anti-Russian agenda. This is an agenda that has been ongoing since basically Putin took office. America was fine with a drunk at the top of the Kremlin but a capable man who puts Russia ahead of western globalist aims? Not so much. A year or so ago, I noticed three alternative media ops go on an anti-Putin offensive. Brandon Martinez caught my eye more than most due to his obsessive behavior on the subject. From the  computer station of Blindlight Brandon was trying to get away with calling himself "non-aligned" so I had trouble swallowing  the term when I noticed blind pasting and copying neo-con operatives, 911 false flag deniers, Karen Dawisha and Bill Browder (Browder's dad ran the communist party in America during WW II).   As always, these limited hangouts count on the goyim being trusting and low on critical thinking skills. I never fully understood why folks that promote an NWO takeover as likely were spending so much time getting us to worry about America being subverted by Russia. The obsession, in and of itself, was a red flag. Then add to the mix the new relationship formed between Nick Spero and Brendan O'Connell pushing more anti-Putinism and linking Iran, Syria and Trump, all enemies of the neo-con mainstream, into the evil mix. O'Connell, oddly enough, never misses an opportunity to denigrate white racialist advocacy so all the more weird him coming together in lock step will Nick Spero, associated for 4 years with a WN website called Renegade Tribune like he has been. It has all the appearance of being a handler set-up relationship but we are watching for flaws on that to further verify. So,the best I can tell, these guys just  in lieu of talking about America and it's NWO ties,  go ad-nauseum into overdrive with Putin NWO ties, I suppose, to make out that America is much better than Russia is right now? I don't see that at all. They aren't attacking Europe like they are Putin and they have hate speech laws as bad as Russia which is a reason always given for hating Putin. Bottomline, I am pretty sure I am right on this. It's orchestrated and probably going to grow, this alt-media, controlled opposition and their anti-Putinism. So we have orchestrated Islamic hate promotion, orchestrated anti- Putin promotion and what looks to be growing negativity surrounding Iran and Syria (all neo-con enemies). Here is Seymour  Hersh's take on the agenda to make America paranoid about Russia. I have yet to watch it but it looks like it should make it clear that the neo-cons wish us to get the message that Putin is bad. Since the alternative media is not going away until they overtly get rid of free speech,  fake resistance intellectuals are pushing neo-con objectives geared to mesh with conspiracy truther mental attitudes Putin Wars  deleted the video after watching it ---------------------- Jewish son, pretends he's white, has that ever happened before? This seems all too convenient. Andrew Anglin is sued, he raises at least 150,000 dollars to defend himself, then, after or during Charlotte, makes a sarcastic comment about the liberal who died and Daily Stormer is taken off the web and having trouble getting back on.   SO question, if Stormer dies, will he still be sued? If Stormer dies and he's not sued, will people get their money back and, cynical me, could this all be staged like Charlottesville was staged? Expert false flag investigative journalist, Jim Fetzer, known for sizing up 911, JFK, Sandy Hook and Boston Bombing Deep State attacks, backs up claims made by Blindlight as to likely behind the curtain realities involved in Charlottesville, WWE like chaos Fetzer is deluded in some areas but I have found his false flag scrutiny as good as it gets  Below Brennan Gilmore, a divide and conquer party hack, just happened to be at the right place at the right time to catch the "false flag" Charlottesville op Video of car hitting anti-racist protestors. Let there be no confusion: this was deliberate terrorism. My prayers with victims. Stay home. pic.twitter.com/MUOZs71Pf4 — Brennan Gilmore (@brennanmgilmore) August 12, 2017 It reminds me of another lucky photographer whose lucky shot helped start the fake war on terror, Footage taken by the Naudet brothers It seems Brennan Gilmore information is being removed by the New York Times and the State Department. He sure was a lucky man! More Proof of Sinead and Kyle's full membership to the Putin Hate Cult train. We now have 6 verified members noted @blindlight who are Nick Spiro, Brendan O'Connell, Brandon Martinez, Chris Bjerknes and Kyle and Sinead. Part of the propaganda program is about linking Trump, Putin and Israel as enemies of America. Also, it's very important to emphasize the cult of support for Trump-Putin that includes the alt-right ( size of support actually makes it harder to call it a cult but hey, let's do it anyway and maybe the gomers won't notice they are projecting). Please note that in the video, Kyle and Sinead echo their current and recent fund raising endeavors. One, pertaining to pedophilia, recall them jumping on the Pizza-gate bandwagon for a good shekel opportunity last fall and their current gravy train, the drug problem. Again, Sinead takes a photo of Putin which many find endearing and suggests it is some sort of proof that Putin likes young boys. Note they  link Putin and Trump which is part of PUTIN HATE CULT IDEOLOGY, and use a title and fake people to bring up the drug issue. As always, Sinead's comedy is so overtly political, that the humor intended to manifest falls flat except with her GOYIM MIND CONTROLLED SLAVES (folks that literally believe anything Sinead tells them with help from a very censored website) Too bad that the alt-right and the WN movement has a policy of not acknowledging false flags when they occur (or in other words, accept the Jewish narrative of a hostile event) because they have a great case in pushing the blame onto other folks with the seeming car and man switch carried out making this 20 year old Fields character a voluntary patsy to blame the alt-right with We now have Fortune magazine declaring allegiance with anti-fa while offering them tips on how better to confront those known violent predator Nazis. Yes, it's apparently historical fact as to the violent nature of Nazism above and beyond any other culture and it's historical fact now that a false flag act against the alt-right is as the media claim and not a psyop switcheroo. I repeat, if the alt-right does not use these false flag implying facts to their advantage they are stamping themselves as "controlled"/ ---------------------------------------------------------------- From Jim Stone's marijuana bag From the desk of blindlight, I think the big take away here and something I have been promoting for some time is the MSM is not your friend and will never be your friend. You will not win the people over by hoping to get fair representation and coverage through them. I'll state it once more. We should cease to care what the status quo thinks of us. We should not water down our message so as not to offend the easily offended and the easily duped. We should not carry on meetings in the public assuming that normal rules will engage to protect our rights. We are finding out daily, our rights are whatever reality the MSM and the bought off Jewish controlled government paints them as. Cease to expect better treatment from your enemy. Quit believing in fairy tales like the American Constitution. It was only written to get each of us to sign on the dotted line and has always been looked upon as a temporary inconvenience that they will continue to "lawyer talk" down to meaningless babble Hitler was right. Whites fought for the enemies of Hitler at a time the course of the world was very changeable. We are in the twilight of our magnificent delusion that can no longer pass the scrutiny of, we, the previously deluded. What rationalizations you gonna make now to continue to believe in an America that never really was, White Man? ----------------------------------------------------- Trump offers wishy washy support for alt-right ---------------------------------------------------------------- Controlled Opposition, Info Wars, Outs Controlled Opposition,SpencerPIECZENIK: CONTROLLED OPPOSITION BEHIND CHARLOTTESVILLE RALLY Deep state rally designed to paint all Trump supporters as “white nationalists” Dr. Steve Pieczenik- AUGUST 16, 2017    BL - In WWE wrestling, opponents call each other all kinds of names but they rarely go into the actual audience to find demons and enemies. The enemy is another paid actor. Controlled NWO operatives get a go ahead signal, at the service of "divide and conquer", to attack another controlled op opponent all the time. They are encouraged to ignore real dissent or any uncontrolled ops with the logic being, best not to let the audience know there are choices beyond those we mention. Richard Spencer clearly is controlled but to what extent which is still to be determined. Anyone having mastered the protocols Illuminati takeover handbook is best to assume any well publicized political operation is very controlled till it can be proven otherwise. It's far easier to just talk about who is not controlled cause it saves a  lot of time Alex Jones hates racists because they are always trying to bring up Jews. Lucky for him, the controlled ops in the movement get them also to bring up a lot of irrelevant shit which then basically lumps Jews in with Hispanics, blacks and any other non-white minorities. It's not actually luck but a Jewish psyop to get whites to think and create a confirming atmosphere around them that everyone hates them. Therefore Jones was quite happy to bring on a guest who lumped Spencer as just as much controlled, CIA opposition as the SJW side and also claim this Charlottesville psyop was planned way in advance and Spencer in the know all along.   Does he make a good case?   read more --------------------------------------- I believe racialists, alt-right, WNs are now beginning to find out what it's like when the government finds you to be inconvenient to their rule.  I think Arab countries in the Middle East understand it quite well, to feel morally justified, on the side of right, and to be nothing but demonized in the Jewish press. The bad behavior of government soldiers (((anti-fa))) were ignored while the non-existent bad behavior of the demonized was stressed over and over and claimed Welcome, White People, to being an enemy of the "Deep State", the Globalists, the Elders of Zion who have a one world agenda where "Europe won't survive unless it learns to be multi-cultural" Anyone still wondering why the whole third world that could, supported Hitler? Read 55169 times Last modified on Monday, 21 August 2017 15:41 Tweet Published in blindlig IwtNH When we see through the programming, the lies, the misdirection that holds us to our slave existence and our slave jobs that serves those who dominate us, and we are willing to suffer the consequences of saying know to all of it and when our numbers grow, maybe then we can toss the water onto the wicked witch of the east and watch her shrivle up into lie goo, deader than a door nail Latest from IwtNH Controlled Opposition, Info Wars, Outs Controlled Opposition,Spencer Unite the Right - and the Left JdN - The Man Who Should be King Why do ISIS Videos All come from Israeli Intelligence? James Rothschild III: Manifesto to all the Jews of the Universe More in this category: « Fighting the JWO-it's a Mind Game! Jewish Education » back to top Blindlight.org We have 126 guests and no members online Username Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account Latest Article Posts C.I.A. Connections of White Nationalist Leaders and Alternative Media Figure Written by Blindlight Read 39 times Bolshevik Jew of the Month, Laura Loomer Written by Blindlight Read 123 times Controlled Opposition, Info Wars, Outs Controlled Opposition,Spencer Written by IwtNH Read 163 times Unite the Right - and the Left Written by IwtNH Read 192 times Charlottesville what’s it mean for this movement? Written by nick Read 204 times Obsessing on Putin, Good or Bad, Misses the Big Picture Written by Blindlight Read 313 times Sinead McCarthy, Joan of Arc One Day, Cercei Lannister the Next Written by Blindlight Read 414 times JdN - The Man Who Should be King Written by IwtNH Read 320 times Jews, don’t need em’, don’t want em’ Written by nick Read 618 times Why do ISIS Videos All come from Israeli Intelligence? Written by IwtNH Read 383 times A Quick Refresher on why the Rich and Jew Races are "the true enemies" Written by Blindlight Read 501 times James Rothschild III: Manifesto to all the Jews of the Universe Written by IwtNH Read 145 times A Quick explanation as to why we should assume we are being lied to Written by Blindlight Read 236 times Jews, They Manipulate us Bros! Written by Blindlight Read 611 times Brandon, the, in your Face, Neo-con Who Pretends He's Not. Written by Blindlight Read 582 times Trump’s Russia ties are really Jewish ties Written by IwtNH Read 436 times The Inquisition and the Holocaust, Sisters under the Skin Written by Blindlight Read 756 times Common Misdirection pertaining to Why England Stayed in WW I after 1916 Written by Blindlight Read 694 times The story of Mohammad Written by IwtNH Read 582 times Bjerknes Rides inTo Save the Brandon Martinez Debacle Written by Blindlight Read 771 times Subscribe to this RSS feed Watched sites Jim Stone(6703 Hits) Truth Seeker(5209 Hits) Darkmoon (4777 Hits) The Daily Stormer(3570 Hits) Renegade Tribune(3022 Hits) Miles Mathis(2527 Hits) Aryanism(2124 Hits) The Christian Solution(1360 Hits) John deNugent(1265 Hits) Brandon Martinez (((ZCF)))(1023 Hits) Gordon Duff(861 Hits) AltRight.com(741 Hits) Brendon O'Connell(310 Hits) Heathen Women(264 Hits) Aryan Skynet(189 Hits) Circus Maximus(93 Hits) Joe Sigur - Blindlight YT(74 Hits) THe New Nationalist(59 Hits) Kerry Bolton(12 Hits) The Beginning of the Jew World Order The Jewish Catechism K-2 articles-attic August 2017 (9) July 2017 (16) June 2017 (21) May 2017 (24) April 2017 (19) March 2017 (18) February 2017 (27) January 2017 (25) December 2016 (42) November 2016 (19) October 2016 (33) September 2016 (28) Author update pages Blindlight Progress Report Written by Blindlight I am the "RAPE FACE" (FROM YOUR NIGHTMARES) Always remember the limits which goys set for themselves. Their thinking has stagnated within these limits, and they are unable to go beyond them. Therein lies their misfortune and our advantage. Speak and act in a way which their morality and their concepts do not permit. Do things which seem to them to be impossible and incredible. They will not believe that you are capable of words and actions of which they are not capable. Speak and act in a way which is confident, energetic, aggressive, discouraging and stunning. Produce more noise and oral trumpery, and say more things which are incomprehensible and pseudo-scientific.   Written on Monday, 20 March 2017 04:29 in Update Alley Comments::DISQUS_COMMENTS Read 2245 times Read more... Blindlight's public access update page Written by Blindlight I am the "RAPE FACE" (FROM YOUR NIGHTMARES) Always remember the limits which goys set for themselves. Their thinking has stagnated within these limits, and they are unable to go beyond them. Therein lies their misfortune and our advantage. Speak and act in a way which their morality and their concepts do not permit. Do things which seem to them to be impossible and incredible. They will not believe that you are capable of words and actions of which they are not capable. Speak and act in a way which is confident, energetic, aggressive, discouraging and stunning. Produce more noise and oral trumpery, and say more things which are incomprehensible and pseudo-scientific.   Written on Sunday, 25 September 2016 23:06 in Update Alley Comments::DISQUS_COMMENTS Read 6074 times Read more... Main Home Page Updates-BL Written by The King in the North Written on Friday, 26 June 2015 06:48 in Update Alley Tags: Blindlight Comments::DISQUS_COMMENTS Read 77765 times Read more... Subscribe to this RSS feed "Game of Thrones" from a Jew-wise Perspective "Game of Thrones" from a Jew-wise Perspective Any regular visitor to my site who has been coming for more than a few months is bound to notice my new incorporation of GOT (Game of Thrones) imagery and metaphors into my narrative. First, let me say that the show very well… Read More Anglin and the alt-kike, "Muslims would have done 911 if they coulda!" written by Blindlight "the watcher on the wall" 9/14/16 Hey guys. I need to stick this in a little deeper and make this bitch squeal while I am still pondering the subject of what just happened off the  911, Andrew Anglin article aftermath. Late last night, after producing this video, I started thinking through… Read More A Different Slant on Race London sold to the public as poor white was actually a product of "The Rich Race" and pushed communismA Different Slant on Race In the beginning , there were four different races created through  isolation one from the other over thousands of years. If representatives of one or the other race made their way into the location… Read More Plenty of these Veronica Bouchards but no Evalion history as "Veronica Bouchard" till the interview. Maybe she just got that name? Extra, extra, Jew media says Evalion's name is Bouchard, not Rothman. She must therefore be a goy, eh, guys? So says Global News Media of Canada and unasked placed on my you-tube wall by "The Key" This that Evalion? Nooo, but her name is Veronica Bouchard Interesting there is no google… Read More Before the US got it's "Belle Knox", AKA Miriam Weeks, Germany had it's Sibel Kikelli About eighteen months ago, I explored the, what I call, "Bell Knox Psyop" with my readers. To remind, Belle or Miriam Weeks was a Washington State gal who enrolled in Duke and before the first semester was up, was doing triple x porn. This was picked up by the MSM… Read More Jorjani's Family was close to the Shah Jorjani's Family was close to the ShahBlindlight has stumbled into the evidence that validates his speculation that Jorjani, new enabled rising star in the alt-right,  had family ties back in Iran to the highest levers of power, namely the Shah of Iran who was deposed in  a coup in 1979. In a… Read More Why I Don't Trust Lasha Darkmoon My sneaking distrust of Darkmoon began when I started bringing up the idea that there were a lot of agents passing for respectable  information disseminators in the movement.  I had just witnessed the psyop against the people that were picking apart the Sandy Hook psyop. I saw respected folks like Deanna Spingola,… Read More Why am I not Surprised, (((TRS))) outed as Jew op Donald Trump hasn’t even taken office yet, but the racist alt-right movement that has latched onto him is already showing signs that it’s falling apart. The loosely knit group was shocked to the core Saturday night when one of its most influential leaders — a man known to his online followers… Read More I Have No Home, I Have No Pack. I Am No one It feels particularly appropriate for yours truly, Blindlight,  who rejected racialist friendly overtures to join them upon becoming Jew-wise because I couldn't  accept their logic that it could only be movement for White People, this removing the Jew from power.  Of course racialists have always had a lot in common… Read More VK Clark - "A man's penis should go in a man's mouth!" VK Clark has always had a thang for weird men. She has basically been a MILO groupie for a year, is my guess and here is a total puff piece on him while she also gets digs in at all the anti-Jew men within her radar screen.  Please note, VK… Read More VK's husband's erased comments and more Click this link to download comments erased by Clark   these comments above and included in this pdf have all been deleted as of today by VK and her secret black husband, all relevant because Clark has been living a lie as a public figure claiming singlehood and a-sexuality, an… Read More VK Clark, Tranny (?), Jew (?), Black Husband (?), Oh My! The above is a German male, Miley Cyrus equivalent personality. VK Clark promoted Bill Kaulitz as the perfect Aryan male for three years with an amazing array of articles and pictures and videos pushing this elitist, Jewish privileged, gender twisted creep. Knowing this, Clark's real Jewish roots begin to make sense behind this… Read More When You Play the Game of Thrones You Win or You Die A whirlwind of events, challenges, insights, you name it, have been part and parcel to my life the last ten days. From a casual article stating the obvious, that VK Clark is a Jew tool pushing cultural marxism and resistance division, the game expanded to the revelations about the Evalion… Read More Pewdiepie will take us to White Race Nirvana One thing Pewdiepie  does and it's a Jew technique, is edit out all the areas he comes off as a total dork, you just see what he wants you to see. I, let the whole me shine through, unedited, warts and all Read More Weev's ethnic Jewish and Indian heritage verefied? I, Blindlight made this call about 15 months ago or so. I read the claimed email of Weev's mom who claimed the need to call in a rabi with a person she was communicating with after she had referred to her Indian roots ( Weev claimed this stuff was made up… Read More › ‹ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Joomla! Hosting from
