Convincingly Chaotic Skip to content Skip to main menu Social View convincinglychaotic’s profile on Facebook View @msmonaresa’s profile on Twitter View convincingly_chaotic’s profile on Instagram View convincinglychaotic’s profile on Pinterest Search for: Menu Mobile menu toggle Home Autism Divorce Parenting Random Musings About me Contact Recommended Reading Adventures in Online Dating Posted on May 10, 2017 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ My favorite movie of all time is “You’ve Got Mail.” If you’ve never seen it, it’s about two people who meet online and fall in love. They don’t know each other, or so it seems. What the male character (played by Tom Hanks) soon discovers, is that the woman he has an ongoing rivalry with (played by Meg Ryan) is the woman he has been communicating with online. The entire movie she has no idea that the man she has been talking with online is the person she wants to hate more than anyone in her real life. What is there not to like about this movie?? Picture courtesy of YouTube. Maybe my romantic notion – likely derived from watching this movie obsessively many times is why I joined the world of online dating the other day. The dating site ad showed up again in my Facebook news feed and instead of ignoring it like I always do, I thought to myself “why not?” Maybe it was a sign. I’m pretty sure I was actually  having a moment of insanity. There is no other logical explanation for it. After my divorce six years ago some friends tried to set me up with men they thought would be a good fit for me, and as tempting as it was, I was just not ready to date.  I did date one person that very few people I know actually knew about.  He is a nice guy but ultimately we decided it would be better if we were friends. Aside from him, I have not been out on any dates at all in a very long time. The last time I was actively looking for someone (which actually in my adult years is never…), or at least single,  the internet wasn’t a thing so neither was online dating. I’m still not sure about it, but many people I know (including my ex-husband), have successfully found their partner online.  If he can find someone online, surely I can, too….right? Which is how I got to the point of hitting the “subscribe” button. Read more Adventures in Online Dating › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings Tagged with blogging, dating, divorce, life, love, writing The Day He Asked for Orange Soda Posted on April 30, 2017 by Resa D Laney — 2 Comments ↓   A few weeks ago we were sitting in the office of a psychologist, where H was getting evaluated to see where exactly he was developmentally. The doctor was asking him to complete a variety of tasks, none of which he apparently wanted to do. Instead, he sat and looked at his hands that he was bending around in all sorts of ways. The doctor was getting absolutely nowhere. “Bud,” I said, “we can’t go to McDonald’s if you don’t finish this testing.” And just like that, he proceeded to do everything the psychologist was asking him to do. The psychologist sat back, with a smile on his face. As H proceeded to do each task – each with increasing difficulty – Dr. Bennett looked at me. “There’s a lot more in there (with there being H’s mind) than I think we’re seeing.” Read more The Day He Asked for Orange Soda › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Autism Tagged with autism, language, life, parenting, writing Fifty Percent Posted on April 23, 2017 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ “What do you think makes a divorce contentious?” As the professor waited for a response I looked around the room to see what anyone would say. I knew that I was going to be the only person who would really know the answer. Most – if not all – people in my class had probably never even gotten married, let alone divorced.  I was the odd duck out, for sure. I saw her glance towards me. In class I am usually pretty quiet but the week before I had actually contributed to the class discussion. She knew from the previous discussion that I was divorced, and likely had something relevant to share.  Before I could say something, the woman seated next to me chimed in. “Emotions,”  she said. “People can’t get past the emotions.” I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. We had been discussing divorce for the past few days and the topic just hit way too closely to home. Just talking about it gave me an anxious feeling. I started thinking about all the ways our own divorce became contentious, and all the ways others’ divorces became contentious. Yes, emotions were a big part of it. All of us contentiously divorced people obviously had a hard time letting go. Or at least a lot of us.  But it’s so much more complex than that. The professor seemed satisfied with my classmate’s answer and steered the conversation in a different direction. My mind drifted away from the class discussion and back into the past. Some years back, when we were still married, we had run into the priest who officiated at our wedding ceremony.  Father Tim seemed both surprised and delighted to see that we were at my sister’s wedding rehearsal dinner, together. “Oh!” he’d said, “you’re still married,” and all of us had just stood there and laughed. (I wonder what Father Tim would say if he saw us now). During his sermon at our wedding years ago, Father Tim had compared marriage to walking across a highway.  “Imagine that you are with a group of people standing on the side of highway 65,” he’d said.  “You all have to cross; but only half of you will make it. One by one, people start to cross. You see some make it across safely; others do not. Then someone turns to you and says ‘it’s your turn.’ What do you do? How do you make it safely across, so you’re in the fifty percent that makes it?” Towards the end of our marriage, our last session of couples therapy had been disastrous; so disastrous that I had fled the room and had started running, with no real destination; only running, a lot of running. I had found myself at the side of a busy freeway.  I knew I needed to get far away but crossing the freeway seemed like the only viable option. So I had kept running.  And I tripped and fell halfway through and ruined my favorite pair of jeans.  But I had picked myself up and had made it safely across. By then the police had been looking for me, and without any real plan,  I’d gone to Target and grabbed a purple sweater. I had gone into a fitting room where I’d put it on and contemplated my next move. After a while I had calmed down, so when my husband called me, I’d finally answered.  After I had paid for the purple sweater  he had picked me up a few minutes later and we had gone out for ice cream. The following week he had bought me a new pair of jeans to replace the ones that had been ruined. We were divorced 8 months later. Fifty percent. My mind went back towards class, where the professor was wrapping up the discussion, and everyone was putting their books away.  As I got up, I glanced over towards her, and she smiled. She knew that I knew the answer to her question.  What makes a divorce contentious? I paused, and wondered if I should ask the professor if I could earn extra credit by spending a whole class session talking about my contentious divorce. After all, I am kind of knowledgeable in that area. I  could tell everyone about all the things that he has done, the ways that he’s tried to hurt me…and the things he has said about me to other people. I could tell everyone about how he’s even tried to turn even my own family against me. But all that would do is affirm why we are in a certain fifty percent. I shook my head with a sigh and walked out.       Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Divorce Tagged with divorce, high conflict, life, life after divorce My Wannabe Criminal Posted on April 2, 2017 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ Out of all of my kids in general, H is the one who challenges me the most. The first time he rode in a police car, he was two. He was in his pajamas and I thought he was in bed, sound asleep. Little did I know, when I was downstairs folding laundry he had wandered out of his bedroom, outside through the patio door, and over to the townhouses that bordered our back yard. Some random, caring person found him that day. They apparently saw this red headed little boy in his pajamas; peeking inside their patio doors. I don’t know if he was confused and thought maybe he was at our home. The people took him inside and called the sheriff,  at the same time I was hysterically talking to dispatch.  In a matter of minutes The sheriff brought him home, my two year old baby boy sitting in the front seat of his police car. Since he is autistic we have always had to keep a closer eye on him; closer than a typical functioning kid his age. After that day when he was two, we never had a problem with him wandering from home. As he got a little bit older he could go outside and play independently; he could easily become engrossed in playing in the sandbox (usually letting the sand run through his fingers, or filling and dumping it out of a plastic pail). He never left the sandbox even though we would still check every 5 minutes just to make sure that he hadn’t wandered off like he did the first time. We probably got a little too overconfident. Read more My Wannabe Criminal › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Autism Tagged with autism, autism awareness, caroline's carts, parenting When It’s Always Your Fault﻿ Posted on April 1, 2017 by Resa D Laney — 7 Comments ↓ I’ve read a lot of articles and essays written by people who have gone through a similar journey as I have, and the common theme among many of these posts is that it was one person who was responsible for the breakdown of the marriage; usually not the person writing the article.  Aside from abusive relationships (which are never justifiable in ANY situation and never the fault of the victim), most divorces – not all, but most – happen as a result of the actions of both people in the marriage. Anyone who says they had no part in it are not being completely honest with themselves. My EH firmly believes that it is my fault we got divorced and probably everything bad that has ever happened to him in his life, too.  That should bother me, and it does, a little.  For one thing, it implies that he was the perfect, upstanding husband. It implies that he never made mistakes, that he did everything right, that he was the model husband. It implies that it is only my fault we got a divorce. Read more When It’s Always Your Fault﻿ › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Divorce Tagged with blogging, divorce, exhusbands, happiness, high conflict, peace, random, writing Why Can’t We Be Friends? Posted on March 31, 2017 by Resa D Laney — 2 Comments ↓ I’m envious of people who can still be civil with their former spouse.  Occasionally in my Facebook news feed pictures will pop up of someone I know who is actually standing in the same picture as their ex-spouse. Or they’ve tagged them in something so you know they’re still friends at least on Facebook. Or even better, the ex-spouses and their new partners are all cordial enough to stand in a group photo.  Usually they are at some event for one of the kids.  Lucky them. They have figured out the art of co-parenting. Or at the very least are able to stand in close proximity to each other without killing each other. Then there are those of us – the antagonistic ex-spouses – who can’t seem to get any aspect of co-parenting right. We’re the epitome of the “High Conflict Divorce.” You would never guess that the person who promised – in front of  God, Father Tim, our family, and friends – to put me first in his life, is the person who now slams the door in my face. Read more Why Can’t We Be Friends? › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Divorce Tagged with blogging, divorce, high conflict, life The Stuff No One Tells You About Divorce Posted on February 27, 2017 by Resa D Laney — 3 Comments ↓ I found out my divorce was official via a random email on a Saturday morning around 4 am about 6 weeks after I had moved out of our home and in with my parents. I couldn’t sleep so I picked up my phone, and suddenly saw the email from my attorney. Somehow the divorce had become finalized and no one thought to tell me about it until 10 days after the fact.  At 4am on a Saturday morning I found out I was officially not married. It was a very weird feeling knowing that he was now no longer my husband, and I soon realized that there were so many things no one had ever told me about what happens after you are actually divorced. I realized how I was far from okay, and wondered if I ever would be again. Read more The Stuff No One Tells You About Divorce › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Divorce Tagged with blogging, divorce, Happy, life, life after divorce, writing Bad Clay, Good Clay Posted on November 7, 2016 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ Last night my daughter was working on a portfolio for her English class at school. One of the pieces she had to write was about some type of epiphany she has experienced in the course of her childhood. She’s been reading excerpts and I have to admit I am impressed. What she is saying is also making me think, a lot. This girl is wise beyond her years, and it shows through in her writing, which, I may add is pretty darn good. The piece she was writing about is in part about the past five or six years and the not so great decisions she thinks she has made along the way (bad clay, she says). Well, while she was reading the piece to me I was thinking about how she of all people wasn’t using “bad clay.” Seriously. I can make a list a mile long of people who were using the bad clay and maybe still are.  She is not one of them. But honestly, I am on that list of people. Or at least, I have been on the list at one point or another. A lot of those choices my daughter made were actually choices influenced by adults who quite frankly should’ve known better.  Once we were talking and I told my daughter that it (the divorce) must’ve been so hard for her and she said “You have no idea, Mom, ” and she was right. I had no idea what it was like for her. I still don’t. I suspect that is how it is for a whole lot of other people in my children’s life.  They have no idea.  They have no idea that not only is it the things that they say or do, but also the things they don’t say and don’t do. They all keep using that bad clay, and the foundation keeps getting weaker and weaker, until one day it is entirely possible that everything will crumble.  I would like to think I have learned my lesson and am using more good clay. I think I am. All of the most important lessons I have learned in life have been a direct result of my children’s influence. We had to take a parenting through divorce class before the judge would sign off on our divorce, and we both came away from the class confident that we each already knew all there was to know. We obviously didn’t. I told J that if anyone should teach the class, it should be the children of divorce. They’re the ones who can really tell you what or what not to do. They’re also the ones who know where to find the good clay. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Parenting Tagged with blogging, divorce, Featured, kids, life, NaBloPoMo, writing Where There’s a Will Posted on November 4, 2016 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ In last weeks discussion in one of my legal studies classes my professor asked the question “So what would you tell the mother of a special needs child if she was in the office to make a will?” This of course piqued my interest.  I am a mother. I have special needs children. I need to get my will finalized.  Huh. I really needed to pay attention to this conversation. (Not that I wasn’t or was surfing Facebook or doing any non related course work during class. That was the person sitting in front of me, besides me, and probably behind me, too. This class cost something like $2500. That’s some pretty expensive social media surfing). Then the professor blew my bubble, big time. “Disinherit them,” he said. Read more Where There’s a Will › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Autism Tagged with autism, blogging, Featured, life, motherhood, namoblopo, parenting, single parenting Our Family Habit Posted on November 3, 2016 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ For the past 16 years I have hardly ever taken out the trash. It is not because I am a hoarder (Although I still have a way to go before I can be a minimalist…). On multiple occasions, I would be laying in bed and I would hear the sound of the garbage truck and it would suddenly occur to me that I had forgotten to put the trash out.  Again. So one time I asked my then 5 year old son Z to take out the trash. I figured it was time for him to start helping out, and he was so excited to do so; doing it with a big grin on his face.  He was so proud of helping out and decided that he would be the trash can putter outer. Every week since then, for 16 years, he has put the trash out every night before trash collection.  We’ve gotten so accustomed to it that that once he was gone for a week and the trash didn’t get put out, because he wasn’t around to remember that it was trash day. Now it’s so routine that if for some reason he isn’t going to be around, he reminds me multiple times  “Mom don’t forget to put out the trash.” Read more Our Family Habit › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Autism Tagged with autism, blogging, family, Featured, life, motherhood, namoblopo, single parenting, writing What Getting Divorced Taught Me Posted on October 13, 2015 by Resa D Laney — 2 Comments ↓ One of the things that I regret doing when I was going through my divorce was taking advice from everyone.  This is what happened: My divorce was dramatic. That was mostly my fault, as I chose to share it with more people than I probably should have.  It didn’t help that the papers were served on me at work, but….yeah. Every time we had a fight about something I would pick up the phone or I would go to work and I would share the details of our conversation with pretty much anyone who would listen. This of course led a lot of various people to give me all sorts of unsolicited advice.  “He wants to do what?  Oh no…you can’t let him…” And I would find myself second guessing myself and the decisions I had thought I had already made. Anyways, when all was said and done I had made a big circus out of my divorce. There weren’t any clowns or elephants, but yeah, that’s what it felt like; a circus. And then I got divorced. Read more What Getting Divorced Taught Me › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Divorce Tagged with blogging, blogging life, divorce, life, life after divorce, writing Death of A Smalltown Cafe Posted on June 3, 2015 by Resa D Laney — 1 Comment ↓ For 3 years, my son Z and I went for breakfast every other week at this little cafe down the road from our house. I loved this place because we would walk in and everyone would greet us. The waitress would bring us our beverages. The cook already had our orders in before we even sat down.  There is a lot to be said about walking into a place and instantly feeling at home. For my final paper I chose to write about this cafe and shortly after I started writing it, we found out that they were closing the restaurant, for good. The following is a longish excerpt. In a very ironic sort of way, the mini strip mall where Patti J’s resides is on land that once was acres of maybe corn, or wheat, or soybeans. Regardless of what grew there, it was farm land that had long ago become nothing but an empty field. Much like a lot of the land around here, the land was sold to a developer, who turned it into single family homes. A small strip of the land was developed into two office buildings and the tiny strip mall that houses my personal favorite hometown cafe. Still nearby is a lone farmhouse with a barn still on its property; which these days, feels quite out of place. Years ago you would have been hard pressed to find a stoplight in our town, the home to Patti J’s for the past five years. That’s because there were none; the town never needed any. You could look out your back window while doing dishes and see nothing but empty land for miles beyond. You could open your windows on a breezy summer night and rarely, if ever, hear a car pass by. Downtown consisted of The Corner Bar, a Catholic church, a farm and implement store, and a barber shop where the lone barber appropriately named “Butch” gave every man who walked through the doors the same haircut. The kids went to the café on the corner for an ice cream cone after school. It was the kind of place where everyone knew everyone; a place where you instantly felt like you belonged. And then one day, someone figured out that there was a lot of land out here, and things changed. Read more Death of A Smalltown Cafe › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings, Uncategorized Tagged with blogging, change, writing The Truth About English Majors Posted on January 8, 2015 by Resa D Laney — 2 Comments ↓ It might surprise you to know that not every English major wants to be a teacher. I know, because I am an English major, and I have never had any intentions of teaching. Even when I was a Spanish major, I didn’t think I would be a teacher.  I don’t like talking in front of groups of people. I mostly don’t like being the focus of everyone’s (or maybe lack thereof) attention.  That’s why we like to write; we’re not people oriented. Writing requires very little human interaction, you know. I’m also way too nice and would probably give every student an A regardless of whether or not they earned it. Anyways, yesterday I was telling someone this again for what has got to be the millioneth time. “No, I do not want to be a teacher.” I do want to be a writer. Duh. Almost every (if not really every) English major that I know of yearns to write something (for me, preferably a book, but hey I’m not too picky.) and to have it published.  That’s why we picked the English major; we like words.  We like correcting people’s grammar and we all roll our eyes when people get things like your and you’re mixed up or their, they’re, and there mixed up. Playing games like words with friends is like crack for the English major.  Trust me on this one; I know. Read more The Truth About English Majors › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings, Uncategorized Tagged with blogging, english, life, school, writing They Called Me “Gringa” Posted on December 3, 2014 by Resa D Laney — 3 Comments ↓ I’m currently working on my portfolio that is required of me to graduate with a degree in Rhetoric/Writing. This is one of the pieces I am including. It has been over 25 years since I set foot in Costa Rica, but the memories I had of that summer will stay with me forever. When I first went to college straight out of high school, I was a Spanish major. Don’t ask me what I planned to do with that degree. I have never wanted to be a teacher. By the time I dropped out of college I had been studying Spanish for 6 years; 4 years at a high school level, 2 at a college level. I was at a fairly fluent level.  But you know what happens when you don’t use a language? You lose it. I didn’t lose it completely, but I lost a lot.  Although I don’t speak it nearly as well as I used to, I can still understand quite a bit. (Those Spanish speaking janitors in the break room at work had no clue that I knew that they were talking about me that one time. Ha.) Regaining my fluency is on my bucket list of things to do. Read more They Called Me “Gringa” › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings, Uncategorized Tagged with blogging, costa rica, life, spanish, travel Day 27: My Post on Gratefulness Posted on November 27, 2014 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ So because it’s Thanksgiving I figure I should write about things I am grateful for. Of course, I am grateful for a lot of things.  Always number one on my list is my children. They have changed me and my life in more ways than I can count. My parents. When I knew I was getting a divorce, the first people I told were my parents; even though I thought they’d be disappointed with me. Guess what? All I received from them were hugs and a lot of unconditional love. My parents have been my number one supporters over the years. My sisters. We’ve had our differences over the years but you know what? They’re pretty cool. And they are not just my sisters, they are my friends. I am grateful for all of my friends, old and new. One of the things that amazes me is the fact that I am still in touch with people I knew in kindergarten! Over the years a lot of people have come into my life. Some are no longer there. Many still are; even if it is in a small capacity like being in touch through Facebook. I am grateful for my life; and this point where I am at today. Everything that has happened to me over the course of my life (the past few years especially) have brought me to the place where I am at today. I can honestly say that I am at a place where I know peace and complete joy. One of the things that someone told me when I was going through my divorce was to envision the life that I wanted to have. I was at a point of complete hopelessness, and couldn’t imagine my life getting any better. The question I was asked was: When I knew happiness and joy, where would I be? The answer is Here. Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.  I hope this day finds you with lots of things to be grateful for. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings, Uncategorized Tagged with blogging, gratitude, life, NaBloPoMo, Thanksgiving, writing Day 24: Alis Volat Propiis Posted on November 24, 2014 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ When I first knew I was getting a divorce I told my then therapist, “I don’t know how to be an adult.” Even though I had done things like register to vote, buy a house, get married, have children, get a job, pay bills and taxes and all of those things that adults typically do, I honestly believed that I was no better off than when I was 17 and still living with my parents. She told me, “I think you’re a lot better at it than you think.” Honestly, though,  I had gone from living with my parents in the house I grew up in one day, to living with my husband the next. There were no in between s; no cool apartments with friends furnished with thrift shop furniture. No time to be on my own, no time to make my own mistakes, no time to  live my life as I so chose. So after my divorce  I did a lot of completely random things, in an attempt to “reinvent” myself into adulthood.  For instance, I started wearing an excessive amount of makeup.  I’ve never been big on makeup but for some reason I felt that getting divorced was reason enough to start wearing more.  It was enough where my coworkers noticed and actually said something. Pictures of me during this time are interesting, to say the least. Then I started dressing different; wearing clothes that would look good on a 20 something but not on the 38-year-old mom that I was.  I became obsessed with wedge sandals and 6 inch high heels. Once I bought a too short mini skirt and my mom (whom I was living with at the time) asked “are you really leaving the house in that?”As I walked out the door. Then I got into this phase where I would only buy something if it was purple. Then I made a bucket list of things that I wanted to do in my lifetime. At the top of my list was “get a tattoo” and “buy a car that’s not a mini van.” So I bought a smaller “non-mom” car, that wasn’t a mini van. The gas mileage was great. The space that it lacked for my 4 growing adolescents was not. Then I got a tattoo. Of a blackbird. A female blackbird flying away, on her own. Allis Volat Propiis And then I realized that the biggest lie I had ever believed was “I don’t know how to be an adult.” I feel like I”m doing okay. I’m not doing it perfectly, but that would make life boring. At least that’s what I let myself believe. It’s much better than believing I can’t do it at all. I’m flying with my own wings. I had to sell the “non-mom” car and buy another mini-van.  I gave the mini skirt away. I ditched the heavy makeup look. I think I’ll keep the tattoo, though. I kind of like it.                         Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Uncategorized Tagged with adulthood, blogging, divorce, life, life after divorce, motherhood, NaBloPoMo, tattoos Day 18: I’m Still Hanging In There! Posted on November 18, 2014 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ Once again it is the end of the day and I realized that I still have to post something for the nablopomo challenge.  So here is more randomness: Today I got an A on a research proposal for a paper. That’s great. My professor loves my writing, However, my professor doesn’t like my paper idea.  This is the class where I am writing about “nomophobia,” that is, smart phone addictions.  Apparently “addiction” is more of a psychological subject, rather than rhetorical. They’re close though.  But not close enough. I guess he was a little too vague about saying we could write about most anything. He suggested I write about feminism and smart phones (Did you know Siri has a competitor with Windows? Her name is Cortana. And apparently they have a competition for who is “prettier. Uh huh.)  This would be the second paper I’ve written on feminism. Did I mention that I am not that interested in feminism? Yeah, well I’m not.  But on some level I must be if I’ve written at least one paper on it. Read more Day 18: I’m Still Hanging In There! › Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings, Uncategorized Tagged with blogging, Featured, life, NaBloPoMo, writing Day 17: Monday Musings Posted on November 17, 2014 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ I couldn’t sleep last night. I think it’s because I A) Slept until noon and B) By mistake yesterday (when I woke up at noon) took an extra dose of the pill that treats my sleep  disorder.  It causes alertness. In my case, too much. Aye. No sleepiness for this girl. So I was wired and awake for a while. By 6:45am I was ready for a nap.  Uh huh.  Fun way to start out the day. It is now 10pm and since I am way too tired to think and no longer care about my mental energy, I thought I would focus on something happy today. So here are my random happy thoughts for today: Big comfy sweatshirts.  I bought a new one and wore it for the first time today.  It was below zero temps when I walked across campus today.  The sweatshirt kept me warm. And was fuzzy still since it is new. I applied for graduation today.  If everything checks out I will be wearing that black cap and gown come May. Then I am going to take a trip or throw a party, or maybe both. Graduating from college is a pretty big deal. At least it is for me. My house is currently in a state of chaos but man, I like where I live. A lot. Oh, and this: “Out of the Tree of Life I just Picked Me a Plumb.” Love this song!       Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings, Uncategorized Tagged with blogging, Happy, NaBloPoMo Ten Reasons Why Being A Middle Aged College Student is Awesome. Posted on August 15, 2017 by admin — 2 Comments ↓ I was complaining to my therapist recently how I have all of these pressing issues at hand, and how I am feeling overwhelmed about everything that has to be done. In a month or so not only do my kids go back to school, but I also go back to school. In addition to that, this year I will be also working at a law firm 15 hours a week in addition to volunteering at a legal clinic one day a week. It is a good thing that I do not currently have a full time job. I would go crazy by the end of September, for sure. Still, my decision to go back to college for first, my bachelors, and then, a post-baccalaureate certificate; was probably the best thing I could have ever done for myself, even if it was hard, and my life while in school is extremely chaotic. After I made the decision to go back to school, so many people were impressed and “inspired,” as I heard so many times; by the fact that I was balancing single parenthood, full time student status, and full time employment.  Nobody could quite fathom how I made it possible without completely losing my mind. Not long after I went back to college I ran into an acquaintance I hadn’t seen in a while, who had seen my student status on Facebook. She congratulated me, told me how impressed she was, and then said the words I have heard so many times: “I’m so envious of you. I wish I could go back to college.” I had told myself these exact same words over and over throughout the years. I envied those that I knew who had finished their degree and had successful careers. I wished I could go back to college and get a degree, too, but in the back of my mind, I kept thinking I couldn’t. Who would watch the kids when I was at school? How would that work with my husband’s work schedule? How would I study? How would I be able to pay for school? What if I was the only older person in my class? What if it was too hard? Finally, I asked myself the only question I ever needed to ask myself: What if I actually tried it, and was successful? It turns out that as a middle aged adult college student, the experience is a lot different than that of those twenty somethings who are fresh out of high school and haven’t lived life. It also turns out that there are some real advantages to being an older college student, things that I never considered, such as:  Professors tend to have a profound amount of respect for the “older” students who are in their classroom, and the professors do recognize that. They understand that older students tend to have more obligations, and are far more understanding if family emergencies come up, if you miss a class, or an assignment is late. Having a lot of life experience enhances college discussions immensely, and makes you look really smart. Yet, another reason why professors appreciate older students: life experience. It gives you a slight edge and a knowledge that can only come from experiencing things first hand, and not from a text book. My life experience has positively impacted virtually every class I’ve taken as a middle aged student. As an older college student, you’ve (hopefully) gotten the partying out of your system, which leaves you with one less distraction from studying. Plus, you can take an early class and not have to worry about missing class because you are hung over. I have to admit this was never a problem for me, even as a 20 year old college student. The human brain isn’t fully developed until the age of 25, so learning at an older age is actually easier than those students who are under 25. As a college student, you get all of those fun “student discounts.” All I had to do was show my student ID and I had access to a lot of fun things. My favorite? Students get 50% off an Amazon Prime Membership, which if you don’t know, is $99 full price. I also got the entire Microsoft Office Suite Software for the “student rate,” purchased an iPad from the Apple Student Store, and more.  If you are attending college as an older student, you will probably appreciate school a lot more. I first went to college fresh out of high school because that is what I figured was expected of me.  The second time around, I valued my education so much more because I actually chose to go to school, and was also. Rather than doing something that was expected of me, I was doing something that I chose to do. If you also have kids, you get to do homework with them, which I think actually makes studying more fun. Not only that, but you can be a great role model to your kids when you show them how to balance life and homework, and if you are working on homework while they aren’t yet are supposed to be, it will likely motivate them more.  As an older college student, you may have more access to scholarships that your younger classmates do not. There are a lot of scholarships geared towards the “non-traditional” students. I received a scholarship for non-traditional single parents. Free money for school? I’ll take it. If you are a non-traditional student with added responsibilities such as a family and a job, you will have far less time to slack off, and the free time you do have will be better put to use.  I had less time to study as a non-traditional student and my grades were significantly better the second time around. I made Dean’s list twice, and earned two scholarships based on academic merit. This past semester, I managed to pull straight A’s for the first time. Graduating will be so much more meaningful when that day comes. My kids have always been my biggest champions, and I cannot tell you how great it was to walk across the podium and to hear my kids yell “WAY TO GO MOM!!!” One time I was talking to a coworker, who told me she admired me for going back to school. I told her what I tell everyone: that life forced my hand when I got divorced. I could either keep working my dead job and be poor for the rest of my life, or I could try to make something of myself. She then said she had always wished she had gone to college, and regretted that she had never gone.  “So why don’t you go back now?” I asked her. “I’m not as young as you are,” she said. “I’m much too old to go back to school.” When I received one of my scholarships, my parents came with me to campus for the ceremony. As we were walking through the student center, my dad struck up with an older woman, at least in her seventies, who we had earlier seen walking across campus with a walker,  and was now sitting down for a rest. “Oh,” my dad said, “are you here to see someone receive a scholarship?” “Oh no,” she replied. “I’m in between classes. I’m just taking a short break before I go back to studying.” There is no such thing as being too old to go back to school. What are you waiting for? Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings Tagged with adult student, college, education, going back to school They Call Me Mom Posted on May 14, 2017 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ The four human beings I am happy to call my children are the greatest things that have ever happened to me. I can’t imagine my life without them. This is my absolute favorite picture of the four of them, taken years ago when H was a baby. They are all so happy. Also, this is my proof to them that they can all get along. Being a mother is the one thing I have been absolutely certain of in my life, and not something I could ever walk away from. It’s taken me a long time to figure out what I wanted for a career, what kind of person I wanted to be, how I wanted to live my life; but I always knew with such an absolute conviction from deep within, that I wanted to be a mother. The other day my daughter got inducted into the National Honor Society, and as a proud parent I was sitting there, bursting with pride as my daughter stepped on stage and they shared portions of the essay she had written when she applied. The one question every student had been asked was “If you could have dinner with one person, past or present, who would you eat dinner with?” There were a variety of answers, ranging from notable figures such as The Pope and Martin Luther King Jr., to other famous people such as Adele and the cast of One Tree Hill. My daughter’s response? “If I could have dinner with one person, either past or present, I would have dinner with my mom.” The kid sitting next to her wanted to have dinner with President Obama, she wanted to have dinner with me, her mother. I’m not going to lie, I was pretty proud, and may have teared up a little. I’m sure a lot of the students on stage love spending time with their parents, too, but it was my daughter who had made a point to mention me in her Honor Society essay. It’s those moments that make me realize just why I love being a mom. But it’s not just those big proud moments. It’s all the other moments, like when they’re sad, and they come to me for comfort. It’s the times that they are up on stage and I see them scan the audience to make sure I’m sitting there. It’s the nights I spent, staying up all night, cuddling a sick baby. It’s those days when I see my kid struggling to make it through a race, but not only does he not give up, he continues to run with a big smile as he crosses the finish line. It’s the times a favorite son comes on in the radio while driving and we all belt out the song together. It’s the moments when I look in my very lived-in house, and think about the children that make it that way. I could go on and on. I have my fair share of bad days, and some not so great moments… that include days like today, when H threw up in the backseat of my new car on our way to have some Mother’s day fun. But you know what? My kids are always asking for “Mom time, when we can do something just the two of us.  And apparently that is more important than having dinner with The Pope. Just thinking about that makes me smile. I love the chaos I call my life.  There is no doubt in my mind that I love being a mother.         Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Parenting Tagged with blogging, life, motherhood, mothers day, parents, random, writing The day after. Posted on November 9, 2016 by Resa D Laney — No Comments ↓ Nablopomo day 9. I’m debating whether or not to post something meaningful about the presidential election results, but I’ve got nothing. It’s not that I am trying to be flippant or act as if I don’t care, because that is quite the opposite. This was the first presidential election where I had a definitive plan about who I would not vote for. I voted and I made my choice and I’m okay with the choices I made. Seriously, though…I have read and heard some pretty intense things today, and it is quite draining. Right now I am watching the local news where there is a developing story about a growing group of Trump protestors. The most amusing thing that happened yesterday was when I went to vote and there were all those incumbent judges that basically were going to get reelected regardless of who voted for them. The judge who signed off on my divorce was on the ballot.  For a brief moment I considered whether or not I should vote for him, then I wondered if my EH was staring at the ballot somewhere else wondering the same thing. Tomorrow I will go back to doing my part to change the world, and will resume looking for a way to show my daughter that the glass ceiling can and will be broken. I promise.     Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Posted in Random Musings, Uncategorized Tagged with NaBloPoMo, random Posts navigation ← Older posts Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 139 other subscribers Email Address Archives August 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 November 2016 June 2016 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 May 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 © 2017 Convincingly Chaotic Responsive II powered by WordPress ↑ %d bloggers like this:
