Eddie Clay & The Soliloquies 1.5M ratings 277k ratings See, that’s what the app is perfect for.Sounds perfectWahhhh, I don’t wanna Eddie Clay & The Soliloquies is creating Music and Muse in California Home ButFor Music Muse Radio All Chapter 3 - Humankind vs. The Barbarians But for the action, the result would not have happened.  Proximate Cause, Wikipedia In 2002, while testifying in a deposition for a consumer class-action lawsuit against Microsoft in Minnesota,  Jerry Kaplan became aware of certain competitive actions Microsoft took against its competitors such as himself in the 80’s and 90’s.   You can’t say Jerry wasn’t given a clue when GO first revealed to Bill Gates what was behind their shroud of mystery: Startup, Jerrold Kaplan, 1995⁠15 [Robert Carr, GO’s Chief Engineer] described the concept…Gates’s eyes narrowed, and he leaned forward, folding his arms across his lap and staring at the table. At first I thought his stomach hurt. I looked at his associate for guidance, but he didn’t appear the least bit concerned about Gates’s condition. “Go on,” Gates said.  As Robert continued, Gates started to rock back and forth like a davening Hasidic rabbi. This was his way of concentrating.  Keep reading butfor Aug 19th, 2017 Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Chapter 2 - GO Fish It is not for the stealing that you are punished, but for getting caught - Russian Proverb Just recently my daughter, now 20 years old, came back home from school in the summer and complained about the speed of our Internet. “What century are we living in?” she yelled angrily. I had noticed our main TV was locked onto ESPN, where Tom Brady stood frozen on some courthouse steps. Brady allegedly was part of an intricate conspiracy to use flatter than usual footballs in order to win the Super Bowl.  I knew a lot about this case, I read the court transcript (something I’d been doing a lot lately) and learned his league had spent over $50 million to investigate and expose the villainous scheme.  The “Deflategate” case was one of the biggest stories of the year, pretty much dominated the news during the spring and summer.  I’ll say this, 2015 is no 1995…   Keep reading butfor Aug 18th, 2017 Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Chapter 1 - The Year The Future Began The child is not to be educated for the present, but for the remote future, and often is opposition to the immediate future.  - Jean Paul But for the heroes of 1995, such as Woody and Buzz Lightyear, the software technology we now use for our phones, tablets, and ‘Internet of things’ would be a lot more boring. One of many pivotal, yet funny events that occurred that year. Funny as in “strange”, as in “how ironic!”, as in “ha ha.”  Funny that this was the year Windows ’95 was introduced and revolutionized “personal computing” back to the 70’s, and kept it there.   But for, that is. In January 2015, W. Joseph Campbell wrote a popular book called “1995: The Year The Future Began” chronicling the emergence of the Internet; the Oklahoma City bombing; the O.J. Simpson trial; the Bosnian War; and the close encounters of a certain kind in the White House between Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky.⁠1  Well, I think I can add to that…  Keep reading butfor Aug 18th, 2017 Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Part I - Prelude To Regret “I’m not asking for an improved memory, but for a growing humility and a lessening cocksureness when my memory clashes with others.” - 17th Century Nun’s Prayer  September 19, 2015 Eddie Clay and daughter were sitting in their garden patio on yet another gorgeous drought-stricken afternoon in Campbell California, a little town engulfed by a giant amoeba called San Jose at the southern tip of a state of mind called Silicon Valley.   After a few tastes of Pinot Noir divinity Eddie just brought down from the Los Gatos mountains, he began reading aloud his hoped-to-be opus, as his daughter nastily slurped a Northern Barbarian concoction called Iced Caramel Macchiato. “But for the heroes of 1995, such as Woody and Buzz Lightyear, the technology we now use for phones, tablets, and so called ‘Internet of things’ would be a lot more boring.”  “I don’t get it.” Sarah, his princess, interrupted. “But for?”   Keep reading butfor Aug 18th, 2017 Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Originally posted by vernybvitday See http://eddieclay.com/post/163603653591/burn-burn-em music Aug 18th, 2017 Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Follow @eddieclay New MusicWhat You're Doing to Me Bold Heart Wishing Well Burn Burn Em New MuseBut For (Intro) New But For postsBut For (Intro) For... Copyright Preface Prologue Part I - Prelude To Regret    1 - The Year The Future Began    2 - GO Fish    3 - Humankind vs. The Barbarians Chapter 4 (coming soon!) New Comments Next
