EENet | Skip to main content Toggle navigation Search form Search FR EENet Connect View by Category All Resources Initiatives News & Events Researchers About Contact We connect people with evidence. Evidence Exchange Network is helping to create a more collaborative and evidence-informed mental health, addictions, and substance use system that meets the needs of all Ontarians. Join the Network News & Events Youth Wellness Hubs Ontario webinars: We want to hear from youth and families! Aug 21, 2017 The province of Ontario is committed to improving services for young people through integrated youth service hubs. children, youth, families, Mental Health, substance use Continue Resource Webinar: Trends in Mental Health & Substance Use Among Ontario Adults Aug 10, 2017   “The declines we’re seeing are impressive and point to the kinds of success we can achieve.” Mental Health, substance use, survey Continue News & Events Call for late breaking abstracts now open! Aug 03, 2017 For the first time ever, the Canadian Centre on Substance Use and Addiction is accepting late-breaking abstracts for presentations at the conference, substance use, addiction Continue Resource Seeds of Change engages and educates service providers about mental health & addiction needs of refugees and immigrants Aug 03, 2017 In brief immigrants, refugees, Newcomers, Mental Health, supports Continue News & Events Exploring the youth hubs model with youth and family members Aug 02, 2017 The province of Ontario is committed to improving services for young people through integrated youth service hubs. youth, Mental Health Continue News & Events What are your evidence needs? Complete the "Sharing Together" survey! Jul 25, 2017 Sharing Together is an initiative of the Evidence Exchange Network (EENet) that aims to identify the priority evidence needs of diverse s sharing, survey, evidence needs, priority agenda Continue News & Events Call for nominations: Lighthouse awards Jul 20, 2017 Peer Support, substance use, Mental Health Continue News & Events Trends in mental health and substance use among Ontario adults: Results from the CAMH Monitor Jul 20, 2017 webinar, substance use, Mental Health, monitor Continue News & Events Mobilizing peer support in Ontario conference Jul 18, 2017 Sign up for the Ontario Peer Development Initiative (OPDI) 2017 "Mobilizing Peer Support in Ontario" conference and annual general meetin Peer Support, conference Continue Load more Didn't find what you were looking for? Let us help. Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Join us on © EENet 2017 Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Designed by Ellipsis Digital
