s-aodv - MANET IMPROVING MANET SECURITY BY APPLYING SNORT BASED IDS JULY 03, 2017 UNISZA BY SOLEHAH SALWANI BINT MOHAMAD SALAH s-aodv MANET ABSTRACT ​    In recent years, the security issues of Mobile Ad-hoc Networks (MANET) has led the dominant subject among researchers. MANET is a self-forming arrangement of wireless mobile free nodes that they either join clear or using midway node without predefined framework. In the event of there is no predefined infrastructure, network get unprotected to a number of attacks and security challenges become an important concern. Network security performs a pivotal role in MANET and the standard ways of protecting the network through firewall and encryption software is no longer absolute. In order to advance the security of MANET, Intrusion Detection System (IDS) should be implemented. In this research, a Snort-based IDS method for detecting malicious nodes in MANET is proposed. The proposed method will detect malicious nodes by sniffing the nodes and generate log file of intrusion takes place in MANET. A particular rules will be set to Snort in order to detect those malicious nodes. The proposed method is substantiate by running simulations with mobile nodes employing the Ad-hoc On-demand Distance Vector (AODV) routing protocol INTRODUCTION MANET A wireless network, which does not have a centralised and fixed infrastructure Referred as a wireless ad-hoc network in which nodes are free to move arbitrarily and mobile nodes can send and receive the traffic SNORT Commonly deployed for keeping track of what’s going on within a network Only does one thing: trigger on specified traffic and take action in some way, where the action most often is the logging of an alert NS-2 The most common used simulator in MANET research  Discrete event simulation software for network simulations DIFFERENCES OF MANET & WIRED NETWORK There is limited physical security in MANET compared to a traditional wired network Increased possibility of eavesdropping, spoofing, and Denial-of-Service attacks Traditional routing protocols for wired network do not work well in most MANET MANET are too dynamic​​ OBJECTIVES To configure NS2 and ensure the simulator is working properly To apply MANET in NS2 environment To configure and apply Snort-based IDS with MANET To test the functionality of Snort in order to detect malicious node in MANET FRAMEWORK In order to view MANET in conceptual, MANET will be simulated via NS2. The role of Snort in this project is to generate an alert of the presents of malicious nodes in MANET. This project is focusing on the simulation of MANET via NS2 and the role of Snort to generate alerts. In particular, Snort will work based on the rules that are necessary to set in order to generate alerts. Snort rules is a very powerful stuff that keeping track of what is going on within a network ​ We're the Snort Teams ! https://www.snort.org SIMULATION OF MANET  & SNORT ALERT LOGS S-AODV CONCLUSION Simulation of MANET can best be claimed as an efforts to let people understand regarding the concept of MANET in a real world environment. In the mean times, Snort are working in generate alerts of the intrusion takes place in MANET DEDICATION       Thank you very nice to Mdm. Roslinda for her kind hearted; unconditional supports, motivations, knowledges and times that she'd dedicated throughout this project. May ALLAH bless <3  - Salwa, ​July 31, 2017 What's on Your Thoughts ? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Create a free website Powered by MANET ✕
