Events Of Life Menu Home FAQs Get A Quote Blog Life insurance: Security for your family Protect your family today Get a Quote Events of Life is different Fast and easy application for top rated policies Honest Advice Understanding insurance can be hard. Work with a broker who can walk you through the fine print All-Star Policies Compare competitive quotes from top insurers you know Simple The process is simple. Start right away! Save Time Save time and money by comparing top policies, all in one place Get a Quote Why do I need life insurance? Insurance protects your family if something happens. It is the only way to ensure that your loved ones will be taken care of financially, no matter what tomorrow may bring. Learn more What type of life insurance do I need? One size does not fit all. Do your research before browsing policies to determine which type of life insurance is best for you and your family. Learn more Why do I need life insurance? Insurance protects your family if something happens. When you have little ones who depend on you, you can’t put off planning for the unexpected. Learn more When is the right time to get life insurance? Sooner is better than later. The earlier, the better. The younger you are, the lower insurance premiums will be, so start shopping as soon as you realize you need life insurance. As you get older, insurance premiums increase. Learn more Who in the family should get life insurance, and who should be the policyholder? The breadwinner, the stay-at-home parent, or both. Anyone with loved ones who depend on them financially should be a life insurance policyholder. Learn more How do I get life insurance? You’ve come to the right place. Make your purchase with an agent or broker you trust, an insurance company, or here on our site. Learn more Recent Blogs The New Parents Guide To Buying Life Insurance When you’re a young parent with a spouse and a mortgage, buying life insurance is probably not your priority. Here’s why it should be.Read more 9 Common Myths You’ll Want To Know About… Finding the best life insurance policy can be difficult to figure out. Let's clear up some myths around life insurance to make getting coverage a little easier.Read more Need a Quick Estimate Home FAQs Get A Quote Blog Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy help@eol.com © 2017 Events of Life. All Rights Reserved
