Joonya Eco Wipes - Stylish, non-toxic & biodegradable baby wipes × SUBSCRIBE TRIAL SHOP GIFT ABOUT US FAQ CONTACT LOG IN Want to know how your current wipes brand compares for safety? get comparison X Subscribe Stylish, non-toxic & biodegradable wipes. Joonya Eco Wipes Stylish, non-toxic & biodegradable wipes. Safe for baby & environment Dermatologists are increasingly concerned about allergies related to many cosmetic preservatives. Our wipes are suitable for use on any skin type, as all ingredients are non-toxic & effective – no alcohol, chlorine, petrochemicals, formaldehyde, parabens or phenols. Our fabric is biodegradable – great for Mother Earth! Functional With 80 unscented wipes & a luxurious, embossed fabric, you will find each pack lasts longer than usual. A pop-up lid seals in moisture & offers single-sheet dispensing. Infused with Aloe Vera, Chamomile & Jojoba Oil – the ideal blend. Disruptive pricing We offer a bulk online subscription option that allows us to deliver a premium baby wipe at an exceptional price. Free & convenient delivery No need to change out of your pyjamas - if you don't care what the delivery man thinks! Oh, and we offer FREE delivery too... READ MORE Did you know that you will change your baby's diaper approximately 6,000 times before they are toilet trained? Because of the frequency of using baby wipes, you must consider the long term impact to your baby's health, the environment and your bank account. Testimonials I’ve looked into ingredients of almost all baby wipes sold on the US market and these are the best I’ve found. They are made with the safest ingredients, and I love the fact that the baby wipes cloth is biodegradable and is totally chlorine-free Irina Webb, Ireadlabelsforyou.com I love the safe & non-toxic ingredients used in the wipes, which means zero irritation, and I am pleased that although they are super gentle and soft on the skin, they are tough enough to stand up to any mess! A great baby wipe! Eva Farkas, Smartmommyhealthybaby.com My son had a horrible rash and I think it was our previous brand of wipes that caused it. Since using Joonya he has never had a rash again! Samantha Paton, Mother SUBSCRIBE SHOP GIFT Buy in bulk and SAVE! Includes FREE shipping from local US warehouse Order in boxes of 24 x US$3.99 per pack (MSRP US$5.99) plus FREE SHIPPING - this will last a LONG time...! Receive a unique promo code to invite friends - both of you get $10 off! Subscribe HOW IT WORKS You set the subscription cycle and number of boxes delivered Log into your 'My Store' page to modify, pause, cancel or ship immediately Reminder email sent 2 days before next order It's my first time here and I'm not quite ready to commit to buying 24 packs! Send me 3 packs at the regular retail price - with FREE delivery... Trial Offer I just want to buy a box of 24 packs with free delivery US$3.99 per pack of 80 wipes Buy I want to send a bulk box as a gift to someone US$3.99 per pack of 80 wipes Buy about us F.A.Q. ingredients to avoid There are many ingredients your baby does not deserve. As a starting point, you should check to see if your current brand contains any of these rather common nasty names: Fragrance, Phenoxyethanol, Benzyl Alcohol, Malic Acid, 3-Iodo-2-Propynylbutylcarbamate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Alkyl Dimethyl Benzyl, Sodium Hydroxymethylglycinate, Ammonium Chloride. Why are we better? The best objective measure of the safety of each brand can be found by using the Environmental Working Group (EWG) ingredient score, as shown in the table below. This non-profit organization is dedicated to protecting human health and the environment. EWG ingredient scores range from 1 (most safe) to 10 (least safe). How we measure up Brand Avg EWG Rating* Worst Ingredient Score Joonya 1.14 2 Leading Brand 1 2.31 4 Leading Brand 2 5.50 8 Leading Brand 3 2.19 4 *Ingredients sourced from shop.coles.com.au on 7/3/2016. Equal weighting applied to each ingredient. Send me a brand by brand EWG score comparison chart: Send Sent! Joonya Ingredients Ingredients Purified Water Jojoba Oil This wax ester is similar to human skin oil (sebum). EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Silver Dihydrogen Citrate A new preservative that is extremely safe for use in cosmetics. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract Aloe is a popular and safe ingredient in cosmetics. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract The most popular source of the chamomile herb. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Decyl Glucoside A mild non-ionic surfactant used in cosmetic products for individuals with sensitive skin. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Sodium Citrate Refers to any of the sodium salts of citric acid. Used as an acidity regulator. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Citric Acid Occurs naturally in citrus fruits and used as an acidifier. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 2 Average: 1.14 Leading Brand 1 Ingredients Ingredients Purified Water Phenoxyethanol Used as a fragrance ingredient or preservative, it can cause contact allergies. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 4 Amodimethicone Synthetic, silicon-based molecule used as a skin conditioning agent. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract Aloe is a popular and safe ingredient in cosmetics. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Caprylyl Glycol Skin-conditioning agent that may be plant-derived or synthetic. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Cocamidopropyl Betaine An organic compound derived from coconut oil and dimethylaminopropylamine. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 4 Malic Acid A tart-tasting organic dicarboxylic acid found in a wide range of cosmetics. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3-4 Sodium Citrate Refers to any of the sodium salts of citric acid. Used as an acidity regulator. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Tocopheryl Acetate Also known as vitamin E acetate - a common vitamin supplement. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3 Average: 2.31 Leading Brand 2 Ingredients Ingredients Purified Water Polysorbate-20 A surfactant whose stability allows it to be used as a detergent. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3 Phenoxyethanol Used as a fragrance ingredient or preservative, it can cause contact allergies. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 4 Methylparaben One of the parabens used as a preservative. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 4 Ethylparaben One of the parabens used as an antifungal preservative. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 4 Butylparaben An antimicrobial preservative used in cosmetics. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 7 Propylparaben From the paraben family of preservatives. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 7 Isobutylparaben A paraben used in many skin care products as a preservative. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 7 2-bromo-2-nitropropane-1,3-diol An organic compound that is used as an antimicrobial. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 7-9 Average: 5.50 Leading Brand 3 Ingredients Ingredients Purified Water Phenoxyethanol Used as a fragrance ingredient or preservative, it can cause contact allergies. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 4 Dimethicone a silicon-based polymer used as a lubricant and conditioning agent. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3 Ethylhexyl Palmitate Widely used in cosmetics, palmitates act as lubricants on the skin's surface. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Octyldodecanol A long-chain fatty alcohol used as an emollient, emulsifier, solvent and fragrance ingredient. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Sodium Benzoate A sodium salt of benzoic acid widely used preservative. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3 Polysorbate-20 A surfactant whose stability allows it to be used as a detergent. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3 Potassium Sorbate A preservative that is a mild skin and eye irritant. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3 Citric Acid Occurs naturally in citrus fruits and used as an acidifier. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 2 Ceteareth-25 A universal emulsifier compatible with all kinds of oils & active ingredients. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3-7 Glyceryl Stearate An organic fatty acid molecule used an an emulsifier. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Cetyl Palmitate A natural substance found in spermaceti, the wax found in the skull of sperm whales. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Ceteth-2 Solid emulsifier for cosmetic formulations. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 2 Polyquaternium-7 An excellent cationic conditioner for hair and skin. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 3 Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride An organic compound that gives conditioning properties to shampoos. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract Aloe is a popular and safe ingredient in cosmetics. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Chamomilla Recutita Flower Extract A well known essential oil. EWG Skin Deep Rating: 1 Average: 2.19 Finalist - Mother & Baby Awards 2017 - Fragrance Free Wipes - winner announced in Oct / Nov 2017 issue Ranked Joonya #1 out of 31 brands in USA (2017) Ranked Joonya #1 out of 27 brands in Australia (2017) @joonyaecowipes About Us F.A.Q. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us © Joonya
