Kumu Home Tour Pricing Manifesto Sign in Sign up we're hiring! Tour Pricing Manifesto Sign in Sign up Clarity begins with Kumu. Kumu is a powerful data visualization platform that helps you organize complex information into interactive relationship maps. “We found Kumu to be an invaluable visualization tool. It is simple to learn and tremendously flexible.” Tom Glaisyer, Program Director, Democracy Fund Make sense of your messy world. Kumu makes it easy to organize complex data into relationship maps that are beautiful to look at and a pleasure to use. Stakeholder mapping Explore the complex web of loyalties, interests, influence, and alignment of key players around important issues. Systems mapping Understand and engage complex systems more effectively using systems maps and causal loop diagrams. Social network mapping Capture the structure of personal networks and reveal key players. Visualize the informal networks within your organization and see how work really gets done. Community asset mapping Keep track of the evolving relationships among community members and resources. Concept mapping Brainstorm complex ideas and relate individual concepts to the bigger picture. Unfold convuluted series of events using Lombardi diagrams. The art of mapping is to create a context in which others can think. Simple to get started, packed with powerful features. With Kumu you'll be up and running in seconds, no technical background required or software to install. And once your maps are finished, our built-in presentation builder and publishing platform make it easy to share your work with the world. Take a tour We help the world’s top organizations overcome complexity. Discover the power of mapping. Sign up for free, no credit card required try Kumu for free Product Tour Pricing Try Kumu for free Community Manifesto Community Search Support Help Chat / Slack docs.kumu.io blog.kumu.io support@kumu.io Kumu Inc About Press Careers Contact Privacy Terms Security © 2011 - 2017 Kumu Inc
