Journey to sort out my life 1.5M ratings 277k ratings See, that’s what the app is perfect for. Sounds perfect Wahhhh, I don’t wanna Journey to sort out my life Archive New Year, New Me New year, new me, right? A new Planet Fitness just opened up in my area and I decided to finally sign up and get my act together. Their prices weren’t too terrible and they threw in a free personal training assessment as a sweetener, so who am I to complain? I’m actually happy that they did because I ended up owing a lot of money buying new gym gear because none of my old stuff fit. So far, I got myself a new pair of Asics sneakers. I know they’re not the most fashionable sneakers, but I’ve tried new balance and Nike and I did some run tests on the treadmill at the store and neither of those suited me. So I went with a pair of Asics GT-2000s that were recommended on this running shoe review site. I got a pair of old ones because they were a tad cheaper. Now for that outfit. I know there’s this whole thing about having matching gear all from the same brand are all the same color or whatever, but I am just not that fancy. I found a cute pair of exercise pants at the Gap, which I really like. I know the gap hasn’t been cool for ages, but comfort is comfort. I’m also pretty happy that they feel lightweight. I managed to get a few nice tops from Nike as well from the outlet store. I’m not really fussed about having great shirts. Most of the time I’m sure I’ll just end up using a basic T-shirt and that’s completely fine with me. Got just about everything except for undies and socks. I managed to get a nice pair of Converse socks that I really like. They’re not the most practical things in the world, but I like the fact that they don’t go up too high on my ankles. The last part of my outfit, probably the hardest part to sort out was the sports bra. My boobs are just too damn big. I’m kinda looking forward to them changing and getting a little smaller as I get into my routine. I wasn’t really sure where to start, so I checked out this article on sports bras for big boobs on this bra review site. I’m like 36EE and bras from Nike just don’t cut it, especially since I actually want to do a 5K in the spring. I ended up going with the Panache because it had really good reviews and it came in a time of really cute colors. Plan: to look as boss as the girl in this picture. Okay, now that the important stuff is done, I’m off to the gym! Jan 26th, 2017 Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink
