Valerie Tan Follow on Tumblr Ask me anything RSS Feed Archive Home Valerie Tan Val is a TV and events host from Manila. She is currently a segment host and producer of Trending on News To Go, GMA News TV. Some of Val's more memorable moments were being nominated as Best Morning Show Host at the 2013 Star Awards for TV for GMA News TV's "Kape At Balita", and as Best Lifestyle Host at the 2009 Star Awards for TV for Q-11's "The Beat". Her modelling career has been fruitful, having done lead roles for tv commercials that aired in the Philippines, Cambodia and USA. Her passion for beauty is undeniable, resulting to this blog and her enterpreneurial baby, GlamBox Airbrush Cosmetics, which was awarded the Most Outstanding Makeup Brand for 2011 by Top Brands Awards. For inquiries and messages- MissValerieTan@yahoo.com Facebook Twitter YouTube Search Posts Latest Posts Recent Tweets @MissValerieTan New Year, New Blog Address Hi, everyone! :) Happy new year to all! As we move forward to 2015, I feel it’s best to have a new look for my dear old blog. Presenting… my new blog logo! Tada! Hope you guys like it. I’m also moving to a new address under Wordpress but you can still access my site via http://MissValerieTan.com. You can expect more beauty and lifestyle posts, particularly fashion, fitness, food, travel, etc.It’s still the same address - http://MissValerieTan.com See you there! :) Love lots, Valerie Jan 1, 2015 10:56 pm 3 notes Comments new Tweet Outfit Of The Day Merry Christmas to all! :) Hope everyone is enjoying this day with loved ones. Let me share with you my holiday look :) Due to the cold weather, I put together a black sweater with red faux leather short skirt. Dec 25, 2014 9:09 am 3 notes Comments new outfit of the day ootd holiday look Tweet Superfoods by The Health Grocery My Christmas gift for myself has arrived! Nope, it’s not a bag nor is it makeup; it’s a bunch of Superfoods! When I was younger, I felt invincible and immortal, thus sometimes abusing my body with the wrong diet and habits. But as time passes by, I realize how important good health is. Without it, you can still live a fulfilling life, but you are limited in some of the things you can do. Living healthy starts with eating right so I’ve bought myself a couple of Superfoods. Superfoods are nutritiously superior food that can function as both food and medicine. It has the best effects on energy levels, appearance and overall health. Some of these power-packed foods are the following: 1. Raw Maca Raw Maca was used by cultures living high in the Andean Mountains. It was used for its incredible energizing, rejuvenating and libido boosting properties. This is a potent concentrate of living energy. 2. Wheatgrass Wheatgrass is an edible grass that has incredible healing properties. It contains a dense amount of enzymes and some of the most beneficial and healing compounds known to man. It helps to cleanse the body and generate clean healthy energy. 3. Spirulina Spirulina is an ancient Superfood algae that has been consumed for thousands of years. The Aztecs used it for strength, endurance, and its health rejuvenating benefits. Hailed by many as the best food in the world, Spirulina is an algae that should be present in everyone’s diet. 4. Chlorella Chlorella is a green, single-celled algae that grows naturally in freshwater lakes and ponds. This is known to contain the highest source of chlorophyll, which is full of vitamins and is a very powerful detoxifying agent. 5. Raw Goji Berries Raw Goji Berries are perhaps the most nutritionally rich berry-fruit on earth. It’s considered the number one food-herb in Chinese and Himalayan medicine. Traditional medicine uses them to cure a variety of ailments. Ancient Chinese texts say that they increase one’s vital life force. 6. Chia Seeds Chia seeds are an ancient superfood that have been used by Inca, Mayan, and Aztec cultures. The seeds were used as a food staple and as an energy source for their running messengers and warriors. They give your body a sustained release of energy and continuous hydration through its supply of electrolytes. 7. Organic Golden Quinoa The Aztecs revered Quinoa for its properties that gave them wholesome energy and ensured their well being. It contains a balanced nutrient profile and a surprisingly rich amount of protein. After cooking quinoa in a rice cooker, I mix 3 tablespoons of it to any meal I have. As for a yummy and nutritious smoothie, I put in ½ tablespoon each of maca, wheatgrass, spirulina, chlorella, plus a handful of organic vegetables (either kale, spinach, etc.), berries, bananas, and water. Put it all in a blender, pour it in a glass, and top it off with chia seeds. YUM! :) Not only is my tummy happy, but I’m sure my body is thanking me for it. Thanks, The Health Grocery, for bringing quality and affordable foods for everyone to enjoy! :) The Health Grocery, www.thehealthgrocery.com *info and photos grabbed from www.thehealthgrocery.com Dec 23, 2014 9:44 am 2 notes Comments new superfoods the healthy grocery chia seeds quinoa maca wheatgrass spirulina chlorella fitness Tweet Staycation at Fairmont Makati After a hectic past few weeks, hubby and I felt we deserve a vacation. Since we couldn’t go out of town due to several commitments, we decided to check-in at Fairmont Makati. One of the newest five-star hotels in Makati, Fairmont is located within walking distance to Greenbelt and Glorietta. The guestroom is spacious, with an elegant bathroom, and glass windows overlooking the bustling city. We had late night snack ordered to our room. Food was okay but a bit pricey, with a plate averaging at P600. The pool bar is a nice place to relax, unwind and enjoy the sun. We had breakfast at Spectrum, an all-day dining restaurant featuring an array of fine cuisines from across the globe. The food selection wasn’t wide enough but it was decent. Our short stay in Fairmont was truly relaxing. Hubby and I were recharged and energized to face the hectic weeks ahead. :) Fairmont Makati, 1 Raffles Drive, Makati Avenue, Makati City, 02-7951888 Dec 22, 2014 2:42 pm 1 note Comments new fairmont makati staycation Tweet GIVEAWAY: Physiogel Holiday Gift Pack Winners Thanks to all those who joined my Physiogel Holiday Giveaway! The five lucky winners who are getting gift packs worth P2700 each are- 1) Ryan Louie Villanueva 2) Casey Joy Lopez 3) I Heart Preloved 4) Feng Manlapaz 5) @jhelalaii Congratulations! Please email your full name, address, contact number to missvalerietan@yahoo.com Thanks Physiogel Philippines for the generosity.! :) And to my readers, stay tuned for more giveaways. :) Dec 16, 2014 11:18 pm 1 note Comments new physiogel physiogel ph free in my skin Tweet Outfit Of The Day I put together my black blazer, leather pants, and chain necklace for a rugged casual look. Plus pink sneakers to still keep it girly. =) Dec 12, 2014 8:39 am 2 notes Comments new outfit of the day superga leather pants chain necklace black blazer Tweet 8 Cuts Burger Blends For the meat lovers out there, you might want to check out 8 Cuts Burger Blends. The name ‘8 Cuts’ is a reference to the eight cuts of beef used in the 5 custom blends that they offer - chuck, rib eye, short rib, sirloin, brisket, hanger, flank and ox tail. Because of the number of choices, I had a hard time choosing which one to get. All patties are made in-house from 100% US beef. After much pondering, I ended up with Cheeseburger, haha! My husband had a more complex burger. This is my simple burger. I rarely eat beef but I must say, I enjoyed the burger here. It was juicy, flavorful, and it didn’t leave a nasty after taste. =) 8 Cuts Burger Blends, UP Town Center: 09178182139/9552264; Megamall: 6314388/09175053356; Trinoma: 7303884/09175742852; Rockwell: 7205890/09178341297; Serendra: 5501964 Dec 9, 2014 7:29 am 1 note Comments new 8 cuts burger blends meat our blends Tweet Happy Socks What better way to enjoy this lazy and happy Sunday than with Happy Socks? Happy Socks is a Swedish brand that turns the everyday accessory into a designed colorful item that also spreads happiness. They offer a great variety of socks that come in unique colors and designs. Check our more designs on www.dreamlablifestyle.com to add color to your life. <3 Happy Socks, FB / Twitter / IG: @HappySocksPH, happysocksphils@gmail.com Dec 7, 2014 10:32 am 1 note Comments new happy socks happysocksph socks Tweet GIVEAWAY: Physiogel Holiday Gift Pack Just a few days left before Christmas, my favorite season! When I was younger, I looked forward to receiving gifts. But now, it’s my turn to share and make my loved ones feel special. And for you, my dear readers, I’m happy to announce I’ll be giving away not 1, but 5 Physiogel Holiday Gift Packs! :) Each pack has 1 Physiogel cleanser 300ml… 2 Physiogel Lotion 200ml… and 2 Physiogel Cream 75ml. Each gift pack is worth around P2700. All you need to do is answer this question - How are you spending your Christmas? I’ll be randomly selecting 5 winner by December 16, 2014. You may post your entries via the comments section or on all my social media accounts- FB: www.facebook.com/ThisIsValerieTan Twitter and IG: @MissValerieTan email: missvalerietan@yahoo.com And because Christmas is about sharing, I’ll be giving more Physiogel gift packs to my smart, strong and sensitive blogger friends- 1. Nikki Tiu of www.askmewhats.com 2. Sabs Hernandez of http://sabshernandez.blogspot.com 3. Jackie Go of www.gojackiego.com 4. Azrael Coladilla of http://azraelsmerryland.blogspot.com 5. Lee Shen Gee Cala of www.shensaddiction.com Good luck to all! And remember, at the height of the busiest time of the year, we shouldn’t fear what the season will bring but be confident in fully embracing the challenges of the season and the year ahead. =) Physiogel, www.facebook.com/PhysiogelPH Dec 5, 2014 10:01 am 2 notes Comments new physiogel holiday giveaway free in my skin Tweet GlamBox Beauty Studio December 2014 Workshop Schedule Invest in your skill and your career. Enroll in GlamBox Beauty Studio workshops. Limited slots per class so you are ensured of a hands-on training. Certificates to be awarded to participants. See you there! =) GlamBox Beauty Studio, Unit 2C, Value Point Building, 227 Salcedo St., Legaspi Village, Makati, www.facebook.com/GlamBoxCosmetics, IG: @GlamboxBeautyStudio Nov 29, 2014 10:39 pm 0 notes Comments new glambox beauty studio airbrush makeup class Tweet RSS Feed Ask me anything Previous Page Next Page Single A Theme :: Version 1.1.3 :: By Business Bullpen
