Say No To Gangs! | NotoGangs.org Follow Us! Let’s Talk Home About Us What is a Criminal Street Gang Information Conferences Gangs In Court Gangs In The News Gangs & The Internet Graffiti Community Building Gang Prevention Gang Prevention Events Kids And Gangs Parents And Gangs Anonymously Report To Crime Stoppers Get Involved About Us “Each One Teach One” – Ron ‘Cook’ Barrett @GangPrevention The mission of this website is to educate youth, parents, educators, social workers, clergy and all members of the community about the risks and consequences of being involved with a criminal street gang. Our ultimate goal is the prevention of youth, one at a time, from becoming involved with a gang. The website strives to be a forum for the ‘Voices of Youth’. The webmasters strive to document the real feelings of youth on the prevention of gun and gang violence through various mentoring programs, both formal and informal. These testimonials are anonymously posted on the website with no mention of name, school, neighborhood or affiliation. The idea is the real ‘Voices of Youth’ can be safely heard by the policy makers of our cities, provinces and country through a website dedicated to the prevention of gangs. NOtoGANGS.org welcomes the opportunity to dialogue in any format with interested contributors, and is striving to create healthy relationships with youth and agencies working with youth in our communities. If your agency would like to advertise a positive community event on our website, or advertise the existence of your program, please contact us and we will post your information free of charge. All voices and opinions are welcomed. Important Information Song & Video “You’re a VIP” by School Cop Sandasha Ferguson @SandashaF Inspires Kids To Success & Safety Notorius Shower Possee Gang @JLancasterCBC Reports From Jamaica Gangs and The Internet Kids And Gangs Gang Prevention Events Female Ex-Gang Member Says No To Gangs National Aboriginal Gang Conference Edmonton Villain” at 2009 National Aboriginal Gang Conference Edmonton-CBC Radio Breaking it Down Beyond Gangs Groups+Cliques-David Carrillo Information From Ron Cook Barrett of Albany Gang Prevention Choosing Gang Life Can Be Fatal Tweets by @NOtoGANGSorg Copyright © 2017 NotoGangs.org
