Not Very Obsessed
 Pages Home About Archive tumblr twitter Instagram pinterest Not Very Obsessed Helping you make the most of life. Home About us Drop Down Minimal Sub Menu with Subs Feminist Persona Expose Powergame Fashion Restaurant Mega menu Download SEEING bands live: Rat Boy, Kooks, High Tyde, Fickle Friends, The Sherlocks, The Selector, The Beat, Nothing But Thieves, Airways, Cortes. WATCHING a performance about refugees called We Meet In Paradise for the NNF17. VOTING twice for the first time: local councillor elections and a general election. GETTING new glasses. WATCHING Coraline. WINNING a giveaway from Sian Richardson of Fresh By Sian where I got some beautiful postcards, a book, and a notebook. LOVING an art exhibition called Rise Up! by David Mabb. BEING bought a tiny cactus by mum. HAVING my brother get 3 gold medals in a karate competition. MAKING food for the Soup Kitchen at Rainbows. ENJOYING the beautiful sun. WATCHING and HELPING at Pimp My Barrow 2017. CELEBRATING two years with my boyfriend. REVISING A LOT. DOING my A level exams, eek. CELEBRATING the end of exams with my first night out clubbing. WINNING a psychology award at the leavers assembly and loving Cartledge's speech about me and my end of year sass and good humour to get me through. GOING for a meal out with my grandparents to celebrate. DOING thank you cards for all my favourite sixth form teachers and loving how they reacted. Continue reading Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway has been the most life enhancing and life-changing book I have ever read. A bit like a manual for life, the book quickly delves straight into common sense ways for you to stop being so fearful and make yourself happy in your life. The book splits into chapters which begin with the most simple concepts and process to the ideas which help to bring everything together to improve your experience of life. By doing it in this way, Jeffers has made sure that we don't get frightened away in the first pages by the massive but rewarding task of removing fear from our lives. Near the beginning of the book, there is a section of types of fear, which I think was the first revelation for me. Split into three levels of fears, she lists the different level one and level two fears which start with very complex situations which are then broken down into simple emotions. Finally, the third level doesn't even need a list of examples because all it involves is the fear that "I can't handle it". Straight away this made me realise that all of my fears actually have a link and that if I knew that I could handle everything that was thrown at me in life then I would never have to be scared. It shows us that trusting in our own ability to "handle it" is the way to remove our fears in life. My favourite affirmation from the book which I have decided to keep as the one I am most likely to use in my everyday life is: I am powerful, I am loving, I have nothing to fear. I love this because it is simple, present, not unachievable, and makes me feel like I have the strength to work through every single day. Some other important tips which I have picked up from reading this book and would love to remember are how I use language to talk about myself and my life by taking responsibility, reducing blame behaviour by not acting like the victim, out talking my negativity by keeping positive. Jeffers refers to the voice in your head which dictates your fear as your chatterbox and explains that handling your chatterbox is the key to overcoming many of your mind blocks. I love the idea that she preaches that we should be aware of every choice we have within a situation and therefore commit 100% to that choice because we know it doesn't really matter what we've chosen as we will make the most of the given situation. Another important lesson that I always love is acting like you count because this help to make you believe you count and eventually does make you count because you can give a larger contribution by believing you can. My favourite lesson of all is "say yes to your universe". I love this because she describes saying yes as meaning "getting up and acting on your belief that you create meaning and purpose in whatever life hands you" so that you can make and prove the contribution that you are capable of which can increase your quality of life no end. I love this because I am always so hesistant to say yes because I have this crippling sense of "what if" playing in the back of my mind, so I love that an important lesson in this book is simply to say yes and think about it after. Overall, I would recommend this book to absolutely everyone as a book which can completely change your perspective on your life and yourself to help you overcome every obstacle and which you can go back to time and again for an extra boost in times of need. Continue reading Anxy magazine describes itself as a beautifully designed magazine about our inner worlds. From that, I knew this magazine is what I had always wanted. As a kid, everyone around me spent so much time reading different pop culture magazines and loving them, but I was never into that kind of magazine but always knew that I wanted to have a magazine to read. I have spent all my childhood searching for a magazine that suited me and eventually in the last couple of years I have discovered a couple of independent music magazines which I pick up in my local record store each month. These music magazines include Dork, DIY, and Upset; all of which I do really enjoy reading to discover new bands and hear about others opinions on them. However, music isn't the only thing I love. When I discovered Anxy magazine, I knew it would fill this hole I felt I still had in my magazine consumption. I find it so difficult finding magazines that I love so it was great to find Anxy Magazine and love the content, design and though process of the whole magazine. Especially as I have become so interested in the everyday side of mental health which is their main focus. I have had lots of different searches to discover more about Anxy Magazine and have found loads of different reviews and interviews which I have loved reading to give me an insight into why they made the magazine and what gap they think they are filling in the magazine market. If you are unsure about buying Anxy Magazine, I would recommend reading some of this material because I think it will persuade you to buy it. Meet The Artsy Magazine That Will Focus Solely On Mental Illness | The Huffington Post Q & A with Indhira Rojas, Founder of Anxy Magazine - The Battery Editors From Medium And Former Bold Italic Kickstart 'Anxy,' A Magazine About Mental Health: SFist ANXY: A BEAUTIFULLY-DESIGNED MAGAZINE ABOUT OUR INNER WORLDS — FREE RANGE Anxy, A Mental Health Magazine, Aims To Normalize Conversations About Mental Health Anxy Magazine Social Anxiety, Mental Illness, Stigma Why Indhira Rojas is Creating a Magazine About Mental Health Building off online, new print mag Anxy wants to help normalize conversations about mental health » Nieman Journalism Lab A Beautiful New Magazine Tackles The Stigma Of Mental Illness | Co.Exist | ideas + impact images Continue reading SEEING bands live: Against the Current, Hunger, Crossing the Limits, Mallory Knox, Cabbage, Blossoms, Rory Wynne, Lonely the Brave, Fatherson, White Lies, Anteros, You Me At Six, Tonight Alive, Black Foxxes, Circa Waves, Magic Gang, Inheaven. HAVING mock exams. FINDING out when my real A levels exams will be. DISCOVERING some really cool bloggers and artists. WISHING I had more time. LOVING a beautiful art gallery window display near where I live. CELEBRATING Earth Day, the People's Climate March, and Fashion Revolution Week. BUYING Weapons of Reason copies!! READING Nous, Weapons of Reason, and Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway. LOVING spending time with my boyfriend. REVISING loads and loads and loads. GETTING the new Circa Waves album on vinyl. BEING able to wear spring clothes because it has finally warmed up. TAKING lots of pictures on my way to and from college. GOING for a walk in the countryside and on the coast. LEARNING about the development plans for a falling-apart-shopping-centre which I live near. WATCHING some good films. ENJOYING a holiday to Swaledale. Continue reading Practice what you preach... I have so many thoughts, ideas, and opinions, but I seldom share them or act on them. I am an introvert so naturally, I struggle to do things which require more confidence or social skills, but that doesn't mean that I don't want to do those things. For my personal growth and improvement, I know that I should aim to expand my comfort zone and take risks. It is all too easy to fall into a routine of shouting in your head about what you believe or what you want, but if you don't share those thoughts with the rest of the world, then you aren't practising what you believe in and are going to sound like an awful hypocrite when you eventually realise that you haven't made the changes you spent your life believing in. I admire people who manage to do and act for their beliefs because it becomes so obvious that in their own way they are then able to make changes in the world. This is going to be my goal for this year. I spend a lot of time on the internet surrounded by what I believe in and causes I support, but I haven't yet actually given my effort, time, or money to any of these causes. I want to become someone who fights for causes in their own way but does spend their time fighting for causes and acting on what they believe in. I don't like to think that if I carry on like this that I won't ever have given my money or time to the causes I believe in. I know that the way to make changes in the world happen is to act and that by all doing our own small little act we are contributing to the bigger development of our planet for the better. So it seriously is amazing that I haven't actually practised as much as I preach! I believe in education and equality for many different causes. And this is what I want to act on. I want to post more blog posts with meaning and support with my time and money these charities and organisations who are doing what I believe. Because my own little acts will all add up and my acts along with the rest of the world, will help to make a difference. So starting from now I am going to do more and think less. Goals for this year! + Support the Goodnewspaper. + Volunteer at Latitude festival 2017. + Support Weapons of Reason magazine by buying at least one copy. + Give to charity or buy from charity shops more often. + Buy from local independent stores when I want something to last. + Support the Anxy Magazine by buying an issue. + Blog more about what I believe in to educate and share. + When I want something, think less about the purchase. In what ways do you want to practise what you preach? image: Aaron Arogones Continue reading Recently, I have been very into different creatives who travel (some call themselves digital nomads). This hasn't been an intentional obsession, but more something I suddenly noticed when I brought up all my current favourite blogs on my laptop the other day. So I thought I'd share my favourite travelling creatives and bloggers, and give you my perspective too. These ideas of travelling around the world; experiencing new places for longer periods of time; sharing your travels online; even carrying your work with you on your travels. These all really inspire me at the moment. I love the inspiration which can be gained from travel and love experiencing new places and finding out all about them. Whenever I go on holiday with my family, I end up so filled with creative ideas from everything which I have seen or experienced and the photos I've taken. I feel like being able to replicate this feeling, as a whole lifestyle, at least for some period in my life, would definitely be a dream come true, because of filled I am with... wanderlust... The Haarkon blog is run by a plant-obsessed creative couple, India and Magnus, from Sheffield. On their blog, they share everything related to plants with beautiful pictures and a minimal amount of words, because their posts are more like image essays than word essays. This could involve sharing: travels to plant greenhouses all over the world, tips on caring for your own plants, or just letting us in on house many plants now live in their own home. Urban Jungle Plant Nursery - near Norwich — Haarkon - Lifestyle, Travel and Design Kinlake is a creative design studio and blog run by a digital nomad couple, Linda and David who currently are living in Japan, but as nomads, this changes a lot. They blog about all of the different aspects of their unique lifestyle. From their travels around the globe and their essentialist values to their work and everyday thoughts. I love their design style and the useful topics in their posts which really good guidance for unique lifestyles. Less But Better: How We Applied Essentialism To Our Lives - Kinlake Wayfarer Design Studio is a creative design studio for small businesses run by Abbey who currently, lives in Denmark with my basketball player husband, who is the reason she has a travelling studio. She donates 7% of each project to the Internation Justice Mission and I think straight away this showed me how she cares about more than just her own business mission but about the wider world. Abbey runs a blog alongside her business which is filled with posts on running a small business, the lifestyle she has embraced, and any other insightful thoughts she has. Becoming a Nomad | Wayfarer Design Studio Wayfarer Design Studio The Young Adventuress is my final travelling creative for this post. This blog is run by Liz who started travelling alone when she was just 16 and has never lost her adventurous spirit so decided to become a nomad and document all of her travels in this blog. She lives in the South Island of New Zealand at the moment and continues to move and travel and inspire us through her blog. I like the blunt and honest attitude of this blog and how she stays true to herself while still posting useful and inspiring content. The Solo Female Traveler's Manifesto - Young Adventuress image: Miriam Garcia Continue reading some simple thoughts i wrote about being scared of growing up - having turned 18 only last year - and about how i always struggle to know if im on the right path and if im going to end up where i want without messing up with some of the choices i make. i dont believe any human can see into the future. sometimes i wish we could just to give myself the reassurance that it all does turn out okay in the end and that persevering will be worth it. but other times i realise that being able to see into the future would ruin all the surprises and mistakes that we are supposed to make on our path so that we can reach our best life. - the scary unknown why the unknown scares me - a dark forest or cave there could be something wonderful on the other side but you'll never know unless you just do it but its all unknown and its all scary are any of us even capable of beating that kind of fear some people can, they take risks all the time i dont im shy im not sure if this is the path i am supposed to take growing up so fast and so many decisions and choices to make how am i supposed to know which one is right the unknown is the future and the darkness - the scary unknown it's a dark forest with shadowed trunks and towering trees it goes on forever just blackness what's out there? is it bad? is it scary? will i die? of course you won't die how could you you're too scared to even try but i want to know will it hurt me? is it better than here? am i meant to go and see? - why i hate choice ew i dont want to choose i want everything to go exactly right to be able to just get told this is what to do - Continue reading Mum this week had borrowed another picture book from the library to share with the childminding children she works with and then it appeared on my desk this afternoon for me to return to the library. Being the curious guy I am, I had to give it a little read before I packed it in my bag for tomorrow, and to my surprise this is exactly the book I needed to fuel my creative life at the moment. From the start of the book, I began to relate to the main character, Vashti. She believes that she can't draw and won't ever be able to. Just like lots of us creatives who really struggle with believing we will ever be as good as we want to be at our craft. But Vashti's art teacher is determined to prove her wrong and show her that really, if you believe in yourself, and create your own unique style, you can become whatever you want to.  Eventually Vashti has become so engrossed in creating her art that she has created so many pieces that they fill a whole wall of the school art exhibition. This is when you know that she too believes in herself and can see that simply trying and being herself, she has now been able to draw. At the end of the book, a little boy comes up to Vashti all excited about the art and complaining that he can't draw. This is when Vashti uses the same technique as the art teacher to show that the little boy too can draw just like her by telling him to just draw whatever comes to mind, and definitely sign it. I like how this ending to the story shows the narrative come full circle when the student has now become the teacher. This book really struck a chord with me because I have been thinking a lot about my creativity and personal growth and mindset, and how I can develop these to become someone who I now aspire to and who I feel is a fantasy well out of reach. I have spent the weekend thinking about my gap year and the ways I could spend it to grow myself and gain skills, like volunteering, working, or travelling. Elin Loow is someone whose blog I read religiously because of the little anecdotes on creative fears which I always seem to be able to relate to and which I really want to strive to conquer. She keeps bringing to mind this idea in posts the idea that we don't always feel good enough at our craft, but just being ourselves and trying our best means we can be. I was invited (funnily by Elin) to join the Creative Rebel Academy run by Violeta Nedkova on Monday. I have to add that this in an academy which costs and so I seriously have to thank Elin for giving me a scholarship because it feels like a little bit of a chance to begin focussing properly on my creativity. This also helped to make the book stand out for me because this academy is all about how we can take our own personal strengths and use them to rebel against the norms of creativity and do it our way. Continue reading Oli Sykes (vocals), Matt Nicholls (drums), Lee Malia (guitar), Matt Kean (bass), Jordan Fish (keyboard) How did I discover them, have I seen them live, and what is next for them? I discovered Bring Me the Horizon when I got a download of their newest album, That's the Spirit, and when I eventually got round to listening to in the autumn last year, I haven't stopped having it on repeat since. I wish I could see them live; I have seen clips of them playing live and the atmosphere looks amazing. I really hope they are planning to bring out a new album soon because I just love all their stuff. My boyfriend also bought me another album called Sempiternal, which I think is even better than That's the Spirit, and I listen to it on repeat a lot. Random facts: Bring Me the Horizon are a rock band from Sheffield who formed in 2004. The have received 4 Kerrang awards and released 5 albums, 2 extended plays, and 2 live albums. The band's name comes from the last line in one of the Pirates of the Caribbean films where Jack Sparrow says "Now, bring me that horizon". Why are Bring Me the Horizon my current favourite band? They are my favourite at the moment because I am loving very heavy music recently. I love how I can shout along to the lyrics and I seem to relate a lot to loads of the themes in the songs. My favourite song at the moment is Sleepwalking and always makes me smile whenever it comes on when I have headphones in and am listening to shuffle or Sempiternal. Sempiternal has definitely become my favourite of their albums and I can't wait to own more of their music or even some merchandise. Reading material: Bring Me the Horizon: The future is now | DIY Bring Me The Horizon: The Full NME Cover Interview - NME The Bring Me The Horizon Interview You Need To Read Now! - Kerrang! Inside The Mind Of Oliver Sykes - Features - Rock Sound Magazine Interview: Bring Me the Horizon's Oli Sykes on Depression and Inspiration from Louis C.K. | Revolvermag Check out their - website | facebook | twitter | instagram | youtube Continue reading CELEBRATED New Years Eve/Day with my mum and brother and lots of balloons being burst every half an hour til midnight. FEELING cold as the weather gets cooler and it even snowed! PICKING yet another blog theme that I feel satisfied with for now. DOING progress point 3 at sixth form. DISCOVERING some very cool bloggers. REALISING real A levels are much closer than I think. THINKING up so many new ideas and projects but having to wait until after A levels to actually do them. HAVING an overwhelming amount of homework. GOING to York with my family and staying a night for a university visit day. CELEBRATING my boyfriend's 18th birthday. LISTENING to lots of different podcasts. GOING on a visit day to Surrey University. SAW Deaf Havana and Dead! live. WATCHING a great webinar by Melyssa Griffin on mindset shifts. Continue reading Since the start of this year, I have felt so much creativity and inspiration come to me but not once have I actually done anything about it or acted on any of these thoughts at all. This is really difficult for me because all I seem to be doing is reading and listening and looking at things all to do with creativity and people's stories about how they embraced creativity, yet I don't seem able to do anything about it at all. I just continue to stare at all these inspiring people and their stories, yet unable to begin my own story. I know that really until the end of June I need to focus solely on A levels so that I can get the best grades possible and therefore achieve anything I want to beyond that. I'm not sure if this is what is holding me back from doing anything creative at all but I feel like it could be. I feel like if I tried to do something creative with my time, that I should be spending that time studying instead because after A levels I have the whole rest of my life to be creative. After A levels, I have a really long summer break and then an entire year before going off to university (if I get the grades *fingers crossed*). During this time, I know I will embrace my creativity and use my time productively to start all the creative projects I keep thinking of and I can't wait to see what I can create when I really focus myself on creativity. My goal for my gap year is definitely to consume much much less than I create because I know this will be good for me to create my best work. I am simply finding it frustrating that until July, I feel like I cannot do anything creative at all because creative ideas are what fills my mind when my A level studying doesn't as it is such a huge part of me and my personality. I have always felt like a creative person but have always been able to put my education first. The school system hasn't fully allowed me to combine the two, so hopefully having a whole year with no school will help me get back to my honest creative self. I wanted to just share this on my blog because then my thoughts are out in the open and I can maybe start to do something about them. The proof of my struggle with creativity at the moment is now online for the whole world to hold me to account when I continue to do nothing about my creative urges. Wish me luck in conquering creativity. Continue reading Since writing my post about Britain's EU referendum, my essay on the English education system, and about the US presidential election, I've been thinking about the opinions I have and how important one small opinion like mine really is. There always seems to be lots of discussion over what the point in all of us having an opinion is if it isn't even going to make a difference, with other people arguing that everyone has opinions of equal value and different people saying that some people have better opinions. All this makes for a very confusing environment and odd moral dilemma when you're trying to figure out your own beliefs on matters, which I have been trying to do. You would hope that at some point in our lives someone hands you a lovely simple bullet pointed document with all the different topics and the opinions, facts, truths, arguments, and who supports what. This would be an amazing way to stop people yelling about how they have an opinion but actually not having a clue what it means, or to just simply educate all the curious kids out there who just want to understand this weird world. This year I have spent some time trying to develop my opinions, educate myself, and grow up in a way that means I can start to act on my opinions in ways that I believe in and that help the cause. I am starting to stand up for myself and what I believe in and make positive steps towards living a life that supports my opinions. Here are some of the actions I have started to take: +  I try to buy locally from independent brands. +  When I went to Latitude I helped pick up recycling for Greenpeace. +  I am looking a lot into natural and sustainable options for periods. +  I try to live simply and not waste my time with consumables. +  I recycle everything I can. +  I try to educate people on issues that I know a bit about. +  I want to listen to others when they can educate me on issues. Personally, I think that my opinions do matter. I think everyone's opinions matter completely equally and that we should respect what everyone chooses to believe as long as this doesn't cause harm to any person or group. We should all have that right to our own free opinion. But I do think that at the moment something is missing... And I think it is education. We need to start educating people much more on all different topics that are so important in society today. If we don't start to do this more seriously then we are going to end up with a generation build on their parents old (no offence) and unchanged beliefs. The world is changing and we need to give ourselves an opportunity to change with it. I want everyone to start being more open and honest about all the different topics and opinions in society today, so that everyone can become a little more educated and informed so that we can all individually form our own opinions. By helping people to make informed opinions, it would be easier to accept the idea that every one of our opinions matter because we can all understand that everyone has put some thought into their beliefs and understands what they mean. It means that we wouldn't spend lots of time questioning others on their opinions, explaining our own opinions, or simply not trusting that someone is making a good choice for themselves. I hope that everyone does believe that their opinions matter and that we should help to educate and accept others. What do you think? Continue reading Stunning photos from inside the Women's March in Washington, DC - Business Insider Every single one of my social media feeds yesterday was filled with photos and words on the Women's March. I am proud to know that so many people I follow support the cause and that so many people turned out to marches throughout the world to fight for social justice against all those who seek to discriminate. I wanted to use this post not to talk about my own opinions but to simply give my support and to share images and tweets from the march to educate, support the cause, and spread awareness. For All Womankind — For All Womankind Illustation Poster #lovetrumpshate #thefutureisfemale #womensmarch Plans take shape for Women’s March on Washington on January 21, 2017 – Women in the World in Association with The New York Times Women's March: A united message spanning generations - BBC News Women's March on Washington Women's March (@womensmarch) | Twitter Women's March on Washington overshadows Trump's first full day in office | The Guardian act: women’s march on washington. – Reading My Tea Leaves 33 Clever Signs You'll See At The Women's March On Washington | SELF For All Womankind — Home act: women’s march on washington. – Reading My Tea Leaves – Slow, simple, sustainable living. THIS IS WHAT A FEMINIST LOOKS LIKE! Women's March - New York. #whyimarch @project1324 https://t.co/9YH1cVPNBl pic.twitter.com/vExc0ZFxlF — Finnegan Harries (@FinnHarries) January 21, 2017 I know where she stood. You know where she stood. Such an honor to see her standing with you today. Bigly. #Resistance #WorldWideWomensMarch pic.twitter.com/cwsgoYVSU7 — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) January 21, 2017 Incredible sight at a packed Trafalgar Square #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/uNCwI1TI1C — Sebastian Payne (@SebastianEPayne) January 21, 2017 This is what in an inauguration is supposed to look like. It's the women's march on the national mall today. pic.twitter.com/5jUwDh914r — John Aravosis (@aravosis) January 21, 2017 The crowds during President Trump's speech on #InaugurationDay and today's #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/tcqA8bnMXI — Paige Cornwell (@pgcornwell) January 21, 2017 How's Donald gonna spin this?! pic.twitter.com/RvdcGzr5QC — shura (@weareshura) January 21, 2017 Informal tally of all Women's March events worldwide finds 2.5 million protesters at 673 protests. https://t.co/cXDZ8UX6M3 — Ned Resnikoff (@resnikoff) January 21, 2017 We march on #WomensMarch #WomensMarchIndy pic.twitter.com/laynKPA1IH — Zulaiha (@zulaihaha) January 21, 2017 For women everywhere who deserve a voice, respect, humanity and equity. #WhyIMarch #WomensMarch #WeWomen pic.twitter.com/SFV1pvqtYZ — Gillian Anderson (@GillianA) January 21, 2017 Estimated 750K Trump protestors in LA. That's: 1) 3x as many ppl at his inauguration 2) 1/5 of LA's populationhttps://t.co/dP9ECRpuUl — Esther Y. Lee 李御璽 (@EstherYuHsiLee) January 21, 2017 Best. Sign. Ever. #WomensMarch #womensmarchnyc #sobadevenintrovertsarehere pic.twitter.com/TmJydvooqu — Susan Kaufman (@skaufman4050) January 21, 2017 President Trump, you made a big mistake. By trying to divide us up by race, religion, gender and nationality you actually brought us closer. pic.twitter.com/U7deCCTFx9 — Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) January 21, 2017 WHO RUN THE WORLD? pic.twitter.com/yYP9a3J0LR — HAIM (@HAIMtheband) January 21, 2017 What up DC, @the.wing and is in the house! A photo posted by For All Womankind (@all_womankind) on Jan 21, 2017 at 7:50am PST A URL version of our IRL posters today.✊️✨🌈 #WhyIMarch #WomensMarch Illustrated by @jo_can_draw A photo posted by Refinery29 (@refinery29) on Jan 21, 2017 at 1:52pm PST Today's the day is the day! #womensmarch #london #humanrights #feminism #womensrights #itfmag #illustration #art #intothefold #tumblr A photo posted by @intothefold on Jan 21, 2017 at 2:39am PST ❤️🌈Why We March❤️🌈 cc: @lexylebsack #InsideR29 #WomensMarch A photo posted by Refinery29 (@refinery29) on Jan 21, 2017 at 9:04pm PST Here's what I went with - front and back. Such a tough decision. Sending love and solidarity to everyone participating in a #womensmarch today! Stay safe. ❤️ A photo posted by Emily McDowell (@emilymcdowell_) on Jan 21, 2017 at 8:02am PST I have never been prouder of my city or my country. Estimated "hundreds of thousands" in downtown LA. ❤️❤️❤️#womensmarch A photo posted by Emily McDowell (@emilymcdowell_) on Jan 21, 2017 at 1:27pm PST Tell me what democracy looks like? THIS is what democracy looks like. . ❤ A photo posted by a t h e n a • p e l t o n (@athenapelton) on Jan 21, 2017 at 1:05pm PST Continue reading I am beginning to move away from blogging about blogging as much as I used to but I still want to keep all of my blogging posts as a useful guide for myself and anyone else who wants to create a blog and would like some simple tips that I have gathered through my own blogging experience. I hope no one minds that I am starting to move away from blogging about blogging but I feel like it will be good for my blog. Because I am don't want all my posts to get lost on the internet and my blog, I thought I'd share a whole guide to the posts I have written and split them up into categories to help you choose exactly what you want to learn about. If anyone has any questions on blogging and my experience, feel free to contact me in social media or to leave a comment below if you would like to know more and I may even answer your question with an entire blog post. Below I have compiled all of my best posts for bloggers and entrepreneurs. Just click on the link to the topic you want to learn about to discover more: What is a Blog? Bloggers 8 Blogging Essentials 14 Qualities That Bloggers Should Have 8 Useful Habits of Successful Bloggers The Statistics of Blogging + Why They Aren't as Important as You'd Think Blog content 11 Resources for Blog Post Inspiration On Having a Blogging Schedule Website Resources How to Write + Promote a Blog Post in 12 Simple Steps Squarespace Resources Branding 20+ Branding Resources for Your Blog or Business Brand Focus + Two FREE Worksheets How to Apply Your Brand to Your Blog, Business + Social Media Blog design Blog Design Tips A Beginners Guide to Using PicMonkey 13 Blog Sidebar Tips Typography Resources How to Remove the NavBar on Blogger Social media How to Use Pinterest to Promote Your Blog 11 Social Media Resources for Bloggers Business How to Choose a Name for Your Blog or Business The Most Important Policies for Bloggers How to Write a Mission Statement for Your Blog, Brand or Business The Art of Good Business with Angel from Studio 404 Coding How to Make HTML Buttons (Linked Images) 11 Coding Resources How to Make a Drop down Nagivation Menu with HTML and CSS Collaborations Starting My Blog | May Design to Grow Link Up Finding Creative Inspiration | October Design to Grow Link Up Leave a comment below with any more blogging or related questions. Continue reading I have already praised Rupi Kaur once before on this blog where I wrote about how I admire the open and honest message she shares through her speaking and writing. This was before I even owned her debut poetry collection, Milk and Honey which she initially self published. Milk and Honey was bought for me by my boyfriend for my birthday this year and I am so so pleased he got it for me because it has been something on my list to buy for ages. This book is definitely one, like marmite, which splits people in a love-hate way. It certainly made me intrigued to find out what all the fuss was about with finding many reviews that liked and disliked the book. Also, I had been looking to own a poetry book for some time to try and broaden my reading and help with my own writing. I really hoped that I would love this book because I had loved the poems I'd found on the internet which she had written so hoped it would all be just as good. Rupi writes all in lower case, only uses full stops for punctuation, and surrounds her words with simple line drawings drawn by herself. This, alongside the plain black book cover depicting the title, author and two line drawings, displays the simplicity and honesty which seems to be the whole foundation of the collection. The blurb offers up only a taster of what there is to find inside, explaining that this writing is the sum of her life in words with four keys themes of hurt, love, breaking, and healing. This book took me about four sittings to finish (which for me is very speedy indeed) and I don't even feel like I rushed through it in any way. Reading slowly helped to add to the feel that this book is one of self reflection and empathy, I took in all the simple images and words together and tried hard not to let any poem spill into the next. I did find this particularly difficult because some of the poems are just phrases split across lines in poem form meaning there aren't enough words to delve into and take your time over. My favourite section was probably the loving because it had so much raw emotion and relatable feelings. The image below shows a poem from this section which is one of my favourite poems in the whole book because of the way it reads and the way I can easily relate to the meaning behind it a lot better than I can for poems about love which seem to be filled with ways to sacrifice or compromise yourself for someone else. I prefer to feel like the person I end up with will complement me and that I will already be a whole complete person and could live without them. I think this book is a must read for anyone who isn't a poetry critic, because it is unlike most poetry and I believe it serves a different purpose and is meant to be read in a different way. A poetry critic may find many flaws with the way the poetry is written meaning that wouldn't fully get the meanings behind the poetry and why it was written. Rupi comes from a spoken word background and listening to her speak shows you the way her poetry is supposed to sound and how it is a story where she builds the rhythm and time, and the words don't. This, I don't think, is a criticism of her work but simply shows the different background she is from and the unique way she uses words to her advantage. Overall, I would definitely recommend this poetry collection because it gives an enlightening perspective on growing up as a female now with parts that everyone can relate to in some way. I loved this book and the poems because it put into words many feelings which I struggle to express of have never thought about expressing before. It has shown me ways I want to feel and emotions I would like to avoid and how much faith we need to all individually have in ourselves. What do you think of Milk and Honey? Continue reading 2016 has been a great year for my blog and me. I've developed lots of different opinions and grown as a person and then turned into an 18 year old person, which is crazy. I can't wait for another year even though I know it will be difficult because I have my real A levels next year. I hope everyone is having lovely Christmas breaks and enjoying themselves. Have a happy new year. And to keep you updated here are some of my favourite things from this year. Going on holiday to the Alps, France, and Spain in the summer. Going to Latitude 2016. Receiving uni offers from York, Warwick, UEA, Lincoln. Celebrating a year with my boyfriend. Doing AS Maths exams in the summer. Going to Wales in February, Easter, and Summer. Seeing some amazing gigs - Sundara Karma, The Hunna, Twin Atlantic, Walking on Cars, The Fratellis, Courteeners, Clean Cut Kid, Sunset Sons, Airways, Nothing But Thieves, Wolf Alice, Fickle Friends, Gabrielle Aplin, Martha Reeves and the Vandellas, and the Kooks. Applying to university for Psychology. Meeting new people. Celebrating lots of birthdays. Developing some more confidence and independence. Maths AS level results (A's in Stats, Core 1 and 2). Reading some different books like Quiet by Susan Cain, and The Element by Ken Robinson. Visiting universities on open days. Starting as a leader at my local rainbow group. Volunteering at the science festival in my city. Finding some amazing creatives, artists, and poets. Lots of revision. Taking a couple more risks. Watching Glee, ER, Sherlock, The Goldbergs, Strictly, Doctor Who... Turning 18 - OMG OMG. Buying my first alcoholic drink. Having some lovely times with family like Christmas and holidays. Making good friends. Visiting Wales again between Christmas and new year. Staying up watching ER and Sherlock till midnight on new years eve. And because 2016 has been such a mixed year, I thought I'd add a list of things that happened which are significant or not things that I want to celebrate. The UK voted in a referendum to leave the European Union. Trump was voted as the president elect in the US. Ebola epidemic. We lost many famous faces like David Bowie, Carrie Fisher, Alan Rickman, and many more. The Conservatives won a majority in the UK election. Summer Olympics in Rio, Brazil. Rise in right wing politics in Europe. Continue reading Older Posts Home About Me Hannah Creative I am 18, have finished sitting my a level exams so am taking a gap year and then i'm off to university to study psychology. Read More Follow Us tumblr pinterest twitter instagram Popular Posts Rupi Kaur | Sharing an Open + Honest Message Squarespace Resources Break Through Your Creative Restrictions August 2015: Barcelona, France + Baguettes (With Mixtape) Labels Cloud monthly bloggers growth designers confidence bands creativity opinion readers collaborate writing travel Pinterest Instagram Copyright © 2017 Not Very Obsessed Created with by BeautyTemplates | Distributed By Gooyaabi Templates
