Pakistan Army Forum Pakistan Army Forum Pages Home ISSB Test Preparation Thursday, 26 September 2013 Join Pakistan Army in Armed Forces Nursing Service Here is a chance for you to Join Pakistan Army in Pakistan Armed Forces Nursing Service. Check out the details below. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Thursday, 5 September 2013 Pakistan Army Selection and Recruitment Centers In Pakistan The selection and recruitment centers for the registration of youth who want to be a part of Pakistan armed forces i.e. army, navy or air force of Pakistan are summoned and selected at the centers mentioned below. CITY CONTACT NUMBER ADDRESS Rawalpindi 051-561-34137 Roomi Road Opposite Transit Camp Rawalpindi Cantonment Peshawar 091-201-35885 Shabzada Gul Road Opposite PAF Cinema Peshawar Cantonment Lahore 042-6699-358857 Shami Road Near Fortress Stadium Lahore Cantonment Hyderabad 022-791-35885 Near Gul Centre Hyderabad Cantonment Quetta 081-9209-35885 Zarghoon Road Opposite Serena Hotel Quetta Cantonment. Multan 061-531-35885 Tipu Sultan Road Multan Cantonment. Sargodha 048-730-35885 Katchury Road Near District Jail Sargodha Bahawalpur 062-891-35885 Yazman Road Kali Pulli Bahawalpur Hyderabad 062-891-35885 Near Gul Centre Hyderabad Cantonment Sukkur 081-2490-35885 Military Road, ADC Colony, Near DCO’s Office, Sukkur Larkana 074-9410121 Government Degree College Larkana Karachi 021-560-35885 Main Shahra-e-Faisal near Station Headquarters Karachi Cantonment Quetta 081-9209-35885 Zarghoon Road Opposite Serena Hotel Quetta Cantonment Sibbi 0833-9209-35885 Sibi Cantonment Khuzdar 0848-8612-35885 Near General Bus Stand Karachi Road Khuzdar Cantonment Turbat 0852-413185 Loralai 081-9209-33621 Loralai Cantonment Gilgit 05811-920535, 05811-961-35887 Gilgit Cantonment Pakistan Army Selection and Recruitment Centers In Pakistan SELECTION PROCEDURE AT RECRUITMENT CENTERS: Intelligence/personality tests and Academics written test based on multiple choice questions from English, Math, Pak-Studies, Islamiyat and general knowledge are conducted at RCs. Candidates declared successful in written/intelligence tests will undergo physical, medical tests and preliminary interview at RCs. Candidates qualifying preliminary selection will be sent to Inter Services Selection Board (ISSB) for further tests. Medical examination of Inter Services Selection Board (ISSB) recommended candidates will be carried out at nearby CMHs. Final selection is made at General Head Quarters (GHQ) based on overall merit prepared. FUTURE AFTER JOINING ARMED FORCES OF PAKISTAN: The candidates coming to recruitment centers should be aware that the bright future in front of them will bring lots of opportunities for them, if and only if they stay honest, committed to their duties and hard working. Below are the ranks that armed forces personnel are offered once they get into this field: Pakistan Air Force Pakistan Army Pakistan Navy Air Chief Marshal (ACM) General (Gen) Admiral (Adm) Air Marshal (AM) Lieutenant General (Lt Gen) Vice Admiral (V Adm) Air Vice Marshal (AVM) Major General (Maj Gen) Rear Admiral (R Adm) Air Commodore (Air Cdre) Brigadier (Brig) Commodore (Cdre) Group Captain (Gp Capt) Colonel (Col) Captain (Capt) Wing Commander (Wg Cdr) Lieutenant Colonel (Lt Col) Commander (Cdr) Squadron Leader (Sqn Ldr) Major (Maj) Lieutenant Commander (Lt Cdr) Flight Lieutenant (Flt Lt) Captain (Capt) Lieutenant (Lt) Flying Officer (Flg Off) Lieutenant (Lt) Sub Lieutenant (S/Lt) Pilot Officer (Plt Off) Second Lieutenant (2nd Lt) Midshipman The ranks are mentioned in order from highest rank to lowest rank in forces from top to bottom. Good Luck to youth joining Pak forces, may you be triumphant and Allah ease out your ways. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Maximum Age to Join Pakistan Army ( Age Limit) Pakistan armed forces have three types of forces i.e. Pak Army Pakistan Air force Pakistan Navy To protect our country from every evil and external destruction that anyone can impose on us. Pakistan is formed on the basis of Islamic ideology and the men and women in our armed forces are nurtured and trained in the true spirit of Islam. The people serving in armed forces are from young to old. People of Pakistan are well-protected and our borders are safe just because of the armed forces who are serving on the cost of lives for this country. And many more among the youth are ready to die for the sake of the country. For those people it is necessary that they are aware of the age restrictions that are present in rules of armed forces. They are explained below. Maximum Age to Join Pakistan Army ( Age Limit) PAKISTAN ARMY: Regular Commission in Pakistan Army Intermediate or equivalent 17-22 Years. Graduates 17-23 Years. Serving Armed/Civil Armed Forces personnel 17-23 Years. Note:  Relaxation of under/over age period for maximum up to 3 months for special deserving cases is allowed. Short Service Commission in Remount Veterinary and Farming CorpsServing VASs of RV&FC 21-35 years. For Civilians 21-28 years Doctor in Pakistan Army 17 Years to 21 Years (Relexable for 6 months both in upper and lower age limit under special circumstances). Medical/Dental Corps as GDMO/Lady MO28 years Commission in Army Education Corps 30 years (Relax able in individual cases having higher qualification and experience) PAKISTAN AIR FORCE: The age of a candidate should not be less than 18 years at the time of enrollment. The maximum age is 25 years for most of the trades except Technical and Driving/Class-IV Staff for which it is 28 years and 30 years respectively. For retired personnel of the Armed Forces of Pakistan the upper age Limit is relax able up to maximum 15 years. Relaxation of 3 years is also admissible for candidates belong to FATA/ FANA, backward areas of Sindh & Baluchistan and to the scheduled castes. Moreover, presently a general relaxation up to 5 years has also been allowed by the Government. PAKISTAN NAVY: The age of candidate should be 17 years at-least. On the basis of education and experience age can vary from department to department ranging from 20 – 35 years. The above information can clearly show you that every age person is necessary in the armed forces and is strength of the country. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Guidelines to Pass ISSB Test ISSB test is all about the person’s ability to overcome the hardships of the training and the people who are willing to join armed forces of Pakistan should have following qualities in them: One should have clear thinking Having cool mind is very important the person should not display aggression. Candidate should keep in mind that honesty is a great virtue. While speaking a candidate should be straight forward and frank, expression of thoughts with a willingness to participate is a great quality. Candidates who head to private institutions for assuring their getting into forces should refrain from it because people going through these tests are observed in many ways that can’t be instilled by any institute. Guidelines to Pass ISSB Test THINGS TO TAKE CARE OF BEFORE COMING FOR TEST: Awareness : When a candidate comes to ISSB test, he/she should have awareness about armed forces, rules and regulations and should be up-to-date about what is going on in the department. He shouldn’t be blank as paper. Physical appearance: One should keep in mind very clearly that he treats others just the way he treats himself, this is why appearance of a candidate can tell a lot about his mindset. And it is very easy to differentiate between ignorant and in the know person. Confidence: You should have good confidence, neither low confident or over confident. Especially you should have confidence in your own self. Leadership: When you join armed forces, consciously or unconsciously you become the leader of your nation and for this purpose start practicing some leading activities during academics, sports and so. Fitness: Very very important thing is fitness; you should make sure that you are mentally, morally and physically fit. Before coming to ISSB test take some adequate physical exercises to make you physically fit. Motivation: When you come to ISSB for test you should have clear idea and reason that why you want to join armed forces. You should be passionate and have sincere reasons to join the forces. Academics: Last but not the least candidate should be good at English and Mathematics and one with previous good academic record is likely to absorb more information about sophisticated and advanced equipment and are appreciated more to join armed forces. TESTS PROGRAM: The candidates coming to ISSB are sent call letters to confirm time and place of their reporting. They are given basic facilities at ISSB centers e.g. medical and recreational facilities, free messing and lodging. After they have arrived the centers candidates are supposed to report at given times and their tests begin here. The test programs are arranged for time period of 4 days. Here below is the schedule of the tests. Arrival Day Reception Checking of Documents Allotment of ID / Chest numbers Photographs Administration Staff’s address Completion of Board Questionnaires 1st Day Opening Address by a Deputy President. Intelligence Tests Announcement of screening out result Remaining Psychological Tests (Screened out Candidates will not attend the subsequent tests) 2nd Day Briefing Indoor Tasks Group Discussion Group Planning Outdoor Tasks Progressive Group Task (PGT) Half Group Task (HGT) Interviews 3rd Day Individual Obstacles. Command Task Final Group Task (FGT) Interviews (leftovers) 4th Day Conferences Preparation of all the results Dispersal of candidates ISSB test ids supposed to select the best people who can handle every sort of pressure and remain calm in strenuous and worst conditions and have heart like a tiger, fearless and on whom the whole nation can depend. This virtue can be only be found by oneself and no other institute can instill in them. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest ISSB Interview Sample Question and Answers An interview is a face-to-face meeting, especially for the purpose of assessing the candidate for the job applied for. It aims at evaluating your academic knowledge, awareness or current topics, communication skills, the clarity of thought and expression and sense of balance, and ability to extricate you from tricky situation. ISSB’S one of the most fundamental factors that contribute to the successful interview is the time and quality of preparation made by. Normally the President/ Vice President of the Services Selection Board will conduct the personal Interview. They are very senior Officer from the Armed forces. Degree of preparedness for an interview helps reduce the uncertain anxiety prior to the Interview. The amount of effort you wish to put into preparation is directly proportional to your output at the interview. ISSB Interview Sample Question and Answers How to plan your preparation? Preparation develops Confidence and gears you for the anticipated grilling. Prepare the following: How to Tackle: Write down in a neat and legible handwriting the PIQ form given to you. Try to put down everything in an orderly and crisp manner. Revise your Bio-data thoroughly. Try to form your own questions based on it. Answer them to your full satisfaction. Check your Bio-Date for grammatical and spelling error. Remember discerning interviewer expects Zero error in the Bio-Data. Try and collect as much information about the City in which you live, your School, College, place of interview and places you have visited. Be sure regarding your hobbies. For example, if you have written reading as a hobby, be sure about what you have been reading. Interviewer expects a serious reply. He expects the names of the authors and then will ask questions based on their themes. A serious reader will score over others who refer cheap detective, thriller novels. The logic holds good for any other hobby you have mentioned in your PIQ. Be clear of your favorite subject and area of you interest in the subject, which you are/have specialized. Refresh your knowledge. Then interviewer might ask you a few technical questions. A well-groomed look gives an image of thoroughness and professional look. Your achievements should be brought out in a systematic order as and when you are asked about it. Follow the normal etiquette for the interview. Wait for the officer to speak first- Listen carefully before you speak. Take a few long breaths this will calm down your nerves, after listening to the question carefully, clarify your doubts if any, before you answer the question. Think well before you answer. For more questions will follow your answers. The New Technique adopted at the SSB Interview is RAPID FIRE questions. Listen to the questions carefully. Think well before you answer, elaborate your answers and tactfully take him on to your strong points. Do not over emphasize them. Be very clear in your thought and expression. Don’t speak in a low voice; be loud enough so that interviewer doesn’t have to strain their ears. Be brief, brevity is the hallmark of a good communicator. Answer all the questions in a sequence. If you don’t know an answer then just be Honest. The Interviewer will respect integrity and honesty. NEVER Exaggerate. Never boast about anything including your achievements. Never enter into an argument with the interviewer on any topic. Must Know these Stuffs: The rank structure of the forces The current events  Knowledge about your town  Your projects Why you want to join the forces? What will you do in case you do not get selected at selected? (this is to see how determined you are in achieving your aim.)  Have a plan B in case you exhaust all the chances then you will take up the job. When the interviewer asks you to organize a trekking event remember the following points; or any other event the heading under which you can cover the preparations are: Initial Preparation Venue Event Specific Items need for the event. Communication device or means. On the day Hospitality Budget Keeping the journal and recording the event Maintain proper Eye contact with the person who asks you the Question. This shows your Confidence and honesty. Avoid using frequently words and phrases like” I mean”, “You know”, “well”, “as such” etc. In the end you want to ask the officer any questions please do so, if not then so politely “I have no questions to ask you sir.”  Last but not the least, BE NATURAL. When the interview ends. If offered a Handshake, do so, if not just say, “Thank you for the wonderful evening and put the chair back to its original position before leaving. Leave the place with a warm smile and a nod of head. Close the door gently and leave the room. Physical  Appearance: Appearance makes the man. You should dress up for the occasion. Most of the time you will be asked to attend the Interview in the PT. Kit it is better for you to keep a small pocket Comb and a neat and clean Handkerchief. Freshen up yourself before you set foot in the interviewers room. Your warm smile, excellent etiquette and a firm handshake will be starting point. As we have brought out earlier, RAPID Fire questions are the order of the. It means you will be asked to answer a number of questions after listening to them just once. Please listen to the question carefully. If you have not understood the question then ask for the clarification. Try and answer the questions in the same sequence as put forth to you. Since the distance between you and the interviewing officer would be about 6 feet, you are expected to talk in a loud and clear voice. Take your time think and answer questions. DO NOT TELL A LIE. You will be caught. Interviewing Officers are usually hold the Rank of Colonel or its equivalent rank in the Navy/Air Force. Here are some of the tips which you will find it useful while facing the Interviewing officer: Be tidy and well dressed. Wear simple clothes but fitting clothes. Do not wear Jewelry On entering the room wish the panel and do what they say. Do not get over anxious. A minor degree of nervousness is expected from everyone.  Be yourself Be polite and use words like “Please”, “Sir”, Do not sound egoistic.  Be natural and never convey extravagant ideas like ” I would die for my country” or ” The best profession is the Defense Forces “. Do not lie or beat around the bush. If you are not sure of the answer say that you do not know. You are not going to be penalized for say it. Be brief, loud and clear. The major questions like why do you want to join the Army/Navy/Air Force? There are no perfect answers to this question. While answering it try to convey 4 or 5 facts such as: Defense services offers a Challenge to a young person Merit is given due recognition in the Forces. I will get an opportunity to learn and experience the latest technological inventions. I like an outdoor life rather than a 10 to 5 desk job. I will get an opportunity to mingle with all sorts of people and persons from different parts of the country. In my opinion the uniformed forces offers reasonable pay and perks One of the most respected professions in Indian is that of a soldier. Be truthful in stating your hobbies. Be prepared to answer questions about it. High light your achievement in sports, NCC and other extracurricular activities. Current affairs are a regular reader of magazines and news paper. When a situation is given to you think and answer be very specific and answer in the most practical way. Thanks the Officer for his time before you leave the room. Good luck for your interview. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest ISSB Test Sample Mcq’s and Questions At ISSB psychological and outdoor tests are held. To prepare for ISSB you cannot cram books or tests to pass. The ISSB test is meant for testing the aptitude and mentality of students. Here, I am giving you the complete detail of the tests else than interview conducted at the ISSB. Psychological Test (Second day) These tests are in four parts as under: Thematic Apperception Test (TAT) – Commonly known as Picture Story writing. Word Association Test (WAT) Situation Reaction Test (SRT) Self Description Test (SD) PSYCHOLOGICAL TESTS Your Handwriting is the mirror to judge your quality. Write neatly and legibly. Since these tests are designed to calculate your IQ, try and complete, as many questions as possible; but at the same time, do not do so without thinking sufficiently. Even75% of the questions answered correctly will see you thorough. Since every test is co-related, be positive in what you write. Your pen picture should tally with your thoughts pen down. Since you are being compared with all other candidates your best performance will take you to your ultimate Goal. WAT Word Association Test: Write the first positive thought that comes to your mind. Time given is 15 seconds to write. The sentence need not be grammatically correct or the word used just to write a sentence. Remember this is not a Make a sentence type exam. This is designed to test your inner thoughts. So be careful in whatever you write. Inter Services Selection Board ISSB Test Sample Mcq’s and Questions SRT (Situational Reaction Test) The tests contain day-to-day practical incidents that you will be facing in your real life. Write what actions you, Will be taking in case you are in those situations. There are no rights or wrong answers; best approach is to write a positive yet a good citizen will do. Here your qualities such as Courage, helping attitude, empathy, responsibility, social interaction, boldness, honesty etc are tested. Write down the answers on a sheet of paper so that you can compare the same with some suggestions. (Never copy the suggestions for it might lead you to wrong conclusions) Thematic The Thematic Story writing will be 12 in all. 11 of them are having some picture and one does not have any. You will get about 3 minutes for each story. Do not write stereotype stories. Try different theme for different stories. Remember you are the Hero; the aim should be to bring out leadership qualities of the hero through these stories. The Qualities that you are to project through your stories are:- Alertness, availability for tasks Good behavior Consideration Courage Determination Decision making Endurance and enthusiasm Fairness, flexibility Honesty, hard work Integrity Loyalty, leadership. Manners Perseverance, patriotism Resourcefulness Straightforwardness Smartness Supportiveness Tact, truthfulness Zeal Only during the perception test you are required to give the age, sex, mood, and number of group of the persons you see in the picture. Your story should such that it suits the picture yet tells the past is that what led to this situation what is happening in the picture? What will happen in the future? SELF APPRAISAL Every candidate will be asked to write a self- appraisal during the psychological test. This will be the last part of the Psychological test. The aim of this is to make you commit about your-self regarding your knowledge about your-self. The usual headings under which you will be asked to give out the appraisal is:- What is your personal opinion about yourself? What does your parent think of you? What does your best friend think about you? What does your worst enemy think of you? What does your teacher think of you? What are your strong points? What are your weak points? What are the qualities you would like to develop? Tips: Go systematic. Suggested headings: About your parents and place of birth and family background Physical Attributes Social Contacts Education Extracurricular activities , achievements Your aims and goals. Both short term and long term Religion INDIVIDUAL & GROUP TASKS By carefully following the suggestions you will be able to Project your OLQ (Officer Like Qualities) to the selectors at the Services Selection Board: Remember to be natural and calm, be yourself, do your best, put the interest of the group before your own, and always be alert. By being yourself your qualities are easily seen by the selectors. All the selectors are well trained, so please do not use any unfair means are bluff. What do they judge at ISSB in Group Tasks? Assessment of Candidate’s Participation within the formulated Rules Planning and Intelligent Assessment of the situation Individual Quality in context to the Group Assuming control of a Group to execute a task Assess the problem from different angles Assign responsibility to Team mates Ability to realize the Potential of Group Members Capacity to motivate others Alertness Creative Thinking Putting the Group before the Self Helping Tendency Originality of Thought Quick Decision Making Cooperation with Others Group Integration Planning and Execution Leadership Initiative PERSONAL INFORMATION QUESTIONNAIRE Selection Board (No & Place) Batch No Chest No UPSC Roll No  Name in CAPITALS as in application form  Father’s Name  Place of maximum residence  Present Address (With Approximate population of the City/town/village)  Permanent Address (With Approximate population of the City/town/village) (Whether District HQ or Not) Fill in the details below: State & District Religion Whether/ST Mother Tongue Date of Birth Married/Single/Widowed Parents Alive Yes/No If not alive your age at the time of Father’s/Mother’s Death Parents/Guardians Occupation /Income (As applicable) Particulars Education Occupation Income per Month Father Mother Guardian No of brothers No of sisters Your ranking amongst your brother and sister Educational Record(Commencing from matriculation /Equivalent Examination):- S.No Qualification Acquired Name of Institute Year Division & Marks% Medium of Instruction Boarder/Day Scholar Out Standing Achievement if any Matric/Higher Secondary 10+2 B.A/B.Sc/B.Com Professional Age ( Year & Months) / Height (in Meter) Weight (in Kilograms) N.C.C Training  Yes/No Total Training (if Yes) (Give details below) Total Training Wing Division Certificate Obtained Participation in Games & Sports Games/Sports Period or Duration of Participation Represented School/College/University Outstanding Achievement, if any b)Hobbies/Interest c) Participation in Extracurricular activities :- Name of the activity group Duration of Participation Outstanding achievement if any Position of responsibility/Offices held in NCC/Scouting Sports team/Extra-curricular group and other fields:- Nature of Commission Choice of Service Number if chances availed for commission in all three services Details of last interview ,if any (Air Force/Navy/Army Selection Board) S.No Type of Entry Place and ISSB No Date Batch and Chest No Recommended/Not Recommended WHAT, YOU FOLLOW? Follow the suggestions to get clear the interviews, your answers come under the Candidates Reaction and the right way of answering comes under Suggestion 1. WAR Candidate’s reactions: a) Peace overcomes war b) War is destruction c) I hate war d) War means bloodshed Suggestion: Love Peace, but be prepared for war 2. PEACE Candidate: a) Everyone loves peace (Acceptable) b) I love peace c) Peace brings Progress (Very Good) 3. WORK Candidate: a) work is worship b) Hard work pays (Acceptable) c) Hard work leads to success (Very Good) d) Work while you work play while you play (Avoid using proverbs) 4. DEFEAT Candidate a) Defeat the enemy b) Defeat the defeat c) Defeat -don’t get upset d) Don’t get depressed by defeats (Acceptable) Suggestion: a) Defeat teaches us lessons. b) Analyze causes of defeat to succeed 5. COUNTRY Candidate: a) I Love my Country (Good) b) Serving our country is Nobel (Acceptable) c) It’s our duty to safeguard our country (A) d) Country first self next 6. HOME Suggestion:. Home teaches us Manners 7. LUCK,  8.GHOST,  9.TRUST,  10.COMPANY,  11.PLAYGROUND,  12.CHARACTER,  13.SPORTS,  14.SAD, 15. WORRY,  16.SUCCESS,  17.GARDEN,  18.ARMY,  19.MUSIC,,  20.WAR, 21.HEALTH, 22.CUSTOM, 23. AFFECTION 24.FORTUNE,  25.FAULT,  26.SNAKE,  27.HELP,  28.CO-0PERATE,  29.RESPONSIBLE, 30. WITHDRAW,  31.TIRED,  32.RISK,  33.BOAT,  34. STEP,  35. FIGHT,  36. PROBLEM,  37. MACHINE, 38. LEAD,  39.SYSTEM,  40.AFRAID,  41.SERIOUS,  42.SAVE,  43.JUMP,  44.DIFFER,  45.PROTECT, 46. SISTER,  47.ATOM,,  48.SOCIETY, 49.ATTACK, 50.ENEMY, 51.FRIEND, 52.MONEY, 53.WEALTH, 54. POOR,  55.EXERCISE,  56.RUN,  57.CONFLICT,  58.PRINCIPAL,  59.EXPERIENCE,  60.AIM ANSWERS; 7. Luck plus hard work leads to success 8. Ghost stories are famous in England 9. Always trust your leader 10. Enjoy good company of friends 11. Playground teaches us many lessons 12. Character is a virtue 13. A part from studies involve in sports 14. Happiness overcomes sadness 15. Don’t worry about failures 16. Success is the fruit of hard work 17. My garden has many kinds of flowers 18. Indian army is known for its patriotism 19. Music can cure diseases 20. India won the kargil war 21. Jogging keeps us in good health 22. it’s our custom to respect elders 23. I have great affection towards my parents 24. Fortune and hard work makes one succeed 25. Engineers are capable of rectifying faults 26. Snakes poison is used as medicine 27. Always help others 28. Co-operate with your neighbors 29. I am a responsible person 30. Yesterday I withdrew my savings to help the poor 31. When interested in work one feels seldom tired 32. Soldiers risk their life for their motherland 33. Boats are used to cross dangerous rivers 34. Failure is stepping stone for success 35. Fight for a noble cause 36. Every problem has a solution 37. Machine is backbone of industry. 38. Leaders always lead 39 .Education systems in India is good 40. Don’t be afraid of obstacles 41. Take things seriously and work 42. Child was saved when he was drowned in the river 43. Analyze the situation and jump into action 44. Opinions always differ 45. Exercise protects us from diseases Story Writing Tips Thematic writing is given to judge your imagination and positive thoughts. When you start writing the story remember the following: The story should have a Past the present (i.e. what is happening in the scene) The Future. In the story the hero/heroin may be seen/or imagined The hero should bring out his good quality. The story should be about 12 to 15 sentences 3 for Past 6 for Present 3 for future Dos and Don’ts AT  ISSB: Do: 1. On arrival introduce yourself to the reception staff and show your documents. 2. Make as many friends as possible at the reception center itself. 3. Remember you are being judged by your own batch mates right from the word go. Behave like a perfect Gentleman. 4. Keep a record of all the Bio data, for you will need this to fill up your arrival info form. 5. Do not give any false statement. 6. Always dress up neatly and appear smart. Before you leave your room spend a minute in front of the mirror. A man / woman are judged by others, by what he wears and what he speaks. 7. At the railway station itself buy a city guide it will help you to know about the city and its places of importance, bus route, train timings etc., 8. Always address the group as Gentlemen, or friends. His/her chest number allotted by the board should be used. (During Discussion and test only.) 9. Know each person of your group by name his qualification; this will help you during GTOs Task. Try and become popular with them. 10. Take initiative, be co-operative. Listen to others. As the time is at premium during discussions, speak up. Be bold and express yourself clearly be brief and do not repeat what others have said. It is better to speak either first or second, so that you will have an opportunity to put forward your points. 11. During Psychological tests, always write positive sentences/story it should bring out the officer like qualities (of which you have been taught.) 12. During interview if you do not know any answer politely say “I am sorry Sir, I don’t Know.” 13. be calm, cool and attentive. Smile while you enter the interviewing room and also say thank you, at the time of departure. Your handshake should be firm. 14. The interviewing officer is a qualified gentleman, never bluff, you will get caught and spoil your chances of success. 15. be confident, rehearse some favorite questions. Don’t: 1. No lies/false hood please. 2. You have no bad points except to over work to get perfection in any task under taken. 3. Do not Waste your time unnecessarily read some magazines. 4. Don’t be tense take it easy, always think before you answer. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Online ISSB Call letter Status For Application Check Up If you will join to Paramilitary forces of Pakistan then you will apply for it and its applying procedure is very easy you can apply online from your home or work place but when you complete your applying procedure then you wait for the ISSB Test because it is must clear to join the Military forces Like Army, Navy and Air Forces. So Inter Services Selection Board ISSB test is for the joining Paramilitary forces Pakistan. ISSB Calls are normally issued nearly 20days before your reporting day at test center and reached you by a week. You are advised not to wait for your letter and start preparing yourself for the ISSB test. Online ISSB Call letter Status For Application Check Up Candidates are requested to wait for their turn and not to rush or get frustrated. Mostly the sequence of the call resembles the sequence you have submitted your call letter but this is not true for always. Call letters are sent on a random number keeping an idea to balance all ASRC candidates. So if you are not called and your next door friend has got his call, don’t be panic you’ll be getting your too soon. To check your call status you can check the official site of Inter Service Selection Board but currently the call status section is under construction. We’ll update you soon as the section will be up once again. Online ISSB Call letter Status The above mission sets a very sacred and tough challenge for the organization which can only be met with true dedication, selfless devotion and unflinching resolve to set and meet the standards. Inter Services Selection Board follows a set of time tested protocols to analyses and predict human personality and along the way has earned a respectable name and fame to its credit. If you do not get your call via Mail then take a print out from our website of the same page which shows your name and calling date and report for the tests on due date. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Join Pakistan Armed Forces Join Pakistan Armed Forces Join Pakistan Armed Forces Join Pakistan Armed Forces Join our Facebook Page Week's Most Popular Maximum Age to Join Pakistan Army ( Age Limit) Pakistan armed forces have three types of forces i.e. Pak Army Pakistan Air force Pakistan Navy To protect our country from every ev... ISSB Test Sample Test and Papers Initial, Final Test Inter Services Selection Board ISSB is the governing body to conduct the initial and final tests physical and and written test and intervie... ISSB Interview Sample Question and Answers An interview is a face-to-face meeting, especially for the purpose of assessing the candidate for the job applied for. It aims at evaluatin... Guidelines to Pass ISSB Test ISSB test is all about the person’s ability to overcome the hardships of the training and the people who are willing to join armed forces o... ISSB Test Sample Mcq’s and Questions At ISSB psychological and outdoor tests are held. To prepare for ISSB you cannot cram books or tests to pass. The ISSB test is meant for te... ISSB Test Initial and Final Test Books List for Preparation Inter Services Selection Board ISSB For the Candidates whose want to Join the Pakistan Military Force (Pakistan Army, Pakistan Navy and Pak... ISSB Test Preparation Academies and Centers in Pakistan Pakistan Military Forces in the Army, Navy and Air Force are working to defend Pakistan So whenever any one want to join the Pakistan Milit... Pakistan Army Selection and Recruitment Centers In Pakistan The selection and recruitment centers for the registration of youth who want to be a part of Pakistan armed forces i.e. army, navy or air f... Join Pakistan Army in Armed Forces Nursing Service Here is a chance for you to Join Pakistan Army in Pakistan Armed Forces Nursing Service. Check out the details below. ISSB Centers in Pakistan Inter services selection board of Pakistan is the main setup by armed forces of Pakistan where it is make sure that youth selected Tat recr... Blog Archive ▼  2013 (11) ▼  September (11) Join Pakistan Army in Armed Forces Nursing Service... Pakistan Army Selection and Recruitment Centers In... Maximum Age to Join Pakistan Army ( Age Limit) Guidelines to Pass ISSB Test ISSB Interview Sample Question and Answers ISSB Test Sample Mcq’s and Questions Online ISSB Call letter Status For Application Che... ISSB Test Preparation Academies and Centers in Pak... ISSB Test Initial and Final Test Books List for Pr... ISSB Centers in Pakistan ISSB Test Sample Test and Papers Initial, Final Te... Followers Total Pageviews Subscribe To Posts Atom Posts All Comments Atom All Comments Powered by Blogger.
