Polkadotparadiso » Crafter, planner and beauty addict Home About Contact Shop Beauty Planning Cardmaking Personal Other crafts Lifestyle Beauty Planning Cardmaking Beauty August empties August 19, 2017 I should really call these posts ‘Repurchase or not?’ because really that’s what this helps me to decide I collect up all my empties from the month and then go through each of them when writing about/photographing the items. By the end of it, I’ve usually realised what was a no hoper and what I really need to rebuy (if I haven’t already). Anyway, onto the empties for this month. There’s a nice selection this month, including the first empties from new  ... Continue Reading Planning Papergang July Review August 15, 2017 I have to say when I saw the theme sneak peeks for this month from Papergang I was intrigued Just 1 week left to get yourself signed up to this month's Papergang! This months theme is splash – read more about the ranges creation over on the blog! #papergang #stationerysubscription #subscription #stationery A post shared by The Papergang (@thepapergang) on Jul 14, 2017 at 1:21pm PDT It looked a bit different from the norm. In a world of pretty, flowery or cute stationery, this  ... Continue Reading Beauty Mizon Black Snail All In One Repair Cream Review August 12, 2017 If you’d have said to me last year I’d be smearing all sorts of snail products on my face I’d have looked at you funny. In fact, I’m sure I recall my mother talking about something with snails in she was using and I turned my nose up. I couldn’t imagine something so gross on my face! Yet here I am, with snail cream and sheets masks and just loving them! The effect it has on my face – clearing up my old acne redness and leaving my skin feeling plumped and  ... Continue Reading Cardmaking The importance of using the right stamping inks August 8, 2017 I’m finally getting the hang of using stamps in my cardmaking I fancied getting my stamping on when cardmaking recently. I love all the Stampin’ Up cards with the ink splodge stamps but never fancied stumping up the cash for their stamps. After finding something similar recently I pulled together a quick card to try it out. I loved the concept for this card, it was simple and cute. The sentiment stamp and dashed heart (which came from a different stamp set) went together well.  ... Continue Reading Posts navigation 1 2 … 135 About Me Twenty something crafter with a love of anything beauty! Search Top Posts Sensationail Express Gel Nail - The Weekend Review Filofax Pocket Finsbury as a Wallet August empties One month in: using a Bullet Journal and Filofax combo The Ginger Cat Co - Etsy Planner Shop Review! Budget planning in my Filofax My 2017 Planner Setup New Planner! Mon Journal by Invite.L 2016 Planner set up - Personal Fuchsia Original Filofax Follow/Subscribe Join 740 other subscribers Email Address Follow Social Media http://polkadotparadiso.com/ Follow Instagram Click to follow me on Instagram! © 2016 Polkadotparadiso
