Spark Framework tutorials - Spark Java tutorials Go to sparkjava.com About Using Spark with Kotlin to create a simple CRUD REST API Spark with MongoDB and Thinbus SRP Auth Creating an AJAX todo-list without writing JavaScript Creating a library website with login and multiple languages Implement CORS in Spark Using WebSockets and Spark to create a real-time chat app Building a Mini Twitter Clone Deploying Spark on Heroku Spark Video Tutorials Functional tests in Spark Unit Testing in Spark Spark on Raspberry Pi Exposing HTML and JSON from the same service Spark and Databases: Configuring Spark to work with Sql2o in a testable way Getting started with Spark and Docker Spark for REST APIs: Using Spark, Lombok and Jackson to reduce Java boilerplate Setting up Spark with Gradle Setting up Spark with Maven Using Spark with Kotlin to create a simple CRUD REST API Jan 28, 2017 • Written by David Åse • Spark Framework Tutorials Learn how to use Kotlin with Spark by creating a simple CRUD REST API. Spark with MongoDB and Thinbus SRP Auth Nov 1, 2016 • Written by Seun Matt • Spark Framework Tutorials Learn how to create a full webapp for syncing your contact list, using Heroku, MongoDB and SRP authentication. Creating an AJAX todo-list without writing JavaScript Jun 26, 2016 • Written by David Åse • Spark Framework Tutorials Learn how to create a modern single page application in Spark and intercooler.js without writing JavaScript. Creating a library website with login and multiple languages Jun 10, 2016 • Written by David Åse • Spark Framework Tutorials In this tutorial you will learn how to create a basic Spark application with filters, controllers, views, authentication, localization, error handling, and more. Implement CORS in Spark May 1, 2016 • Written by Franklin M. Gauer III • Spark Framework Tutorials Some boilerplate code to enable CORS on your Spark server. Using WebSockets and Spark to create a real-time chat app Nov 8, 2015 • Written by David Åse • Spark Framework Tutorials In this tutorial you will learn to work with WebSockets to create a real-time chat app. Some (simple) JavaScript is required. Building a Mini Twitter Clone Sep 22, 2015 • Written by Esteban Herrera • Spark Framework Tutorials This tutorial will walk you through the steps of creating a mini Twitter clone using Spark, Freemarker, Spring, and HSQLDB to show you how to build a simple but complete web application. Deploying Spark on Heroku Aug 24, 2015 • Written by David Åse • Spark Framework Tutorials In this tutorial you will learn how to deploy a Hello World application on Heroku! Spark Video Tutorials Aug 4, 2015 • Written by David Åse • Spark Framework Tutorials Our friends over at learnhowtoprogram.com have been working on a series of Java courses for beginners, all of which feature Spark. This post contains an overview of these courses with direct links to their videos. Functional tests in Spark Jul 31, 2015 • Written by Federico Tomassetti • Spark Framework Tutorials In this tutorial series you will learn an approach for writing testable Spark applications from the ground up. In part one we looked at what and when to test, and wrote unit tests. In this post we will have a look at functional tests. Unit Testing in Spark Jul 30, 2015 • Written by Federico Tomassetti • Spark Framework Tutorials In this tutorial series you will learn an approach for writing testable Spark applications from the ground up. In part one we will discuss what and when to test, and write some unit tests. In part two we will cover functional tests. Spark on Raspberry Pi Jul 17, 2015 • Written by Renato Athaydes • Spark Framework Tutorials This tutorial will show you how to turn your Raspberry Pi into a webserver in a matter of minutes, using Spark and Groovy. Spark was chosen for the tutorial because "Spark is as easy as it gets". The tutorial is written by Renato Athaydes and originally appeared on his google site. Exposing HTML and JSON from the same service Jun 1, 2015 • Written by Federico Tomassetti • Spark Framework Tutorials In previous posts we have seen how to develop a RESTful service using Spark and we have implemented a service to manage a blog. In this post we are going to create an HTML view of the blog, showing how the same data can be exposed through both JSON and HTML. Spark and Databases: Configuring Spark to work with Sql2o in a testable way Apr 29, 2015 • Written by Federico Tomassetti • Spark Framework Tutorials This tutorial will teach you how to use a database with your Spark application. We will discuss when it is appropriate to use an ORM and describe how you can organize your code to make it easily testable. Getting started with Spark and Docker Apr 14, 2015 • Written by Matthias Lübken from GiantSwarm • Spark Framework Tutorials This tutorial provides a short and simple example on how to get started with Java development on Docker. Spark was chosen for the tutorial because it can "get you started with minimal overhead and upfront knowledge". The tutorial is written by GiantSwarm's  Matthias Lübken and originally appeared on their blog. Spark for REST APIs: Using Spark, Lombok and Jackson to reduce Java boilerplate Apr 3, 2015 • Written by Federico Tomassetti • Spark Framework Tutorials This tutorial will teach you how to create a minimal RESTful application for a blog, using JSON to transfer data. You will learn about setting up a complete Spark project, using Jackson and Lombok for awesome descriptive exchange objects. Setting up Spark with Gradle Apr 3, 2015 • Written by Leonan Luppi • Spark Framework Tutorials We will learn how to set up a Spark application using Gradle. For that we will use Eclipse Luna IDE and Gradle 2.5. Setting up Spark with Maven Apr 2, 2015 • Written by David Åse • Spark Framework Tutorials In this tutorial you will learn how to set up a Spark project using Maven. It's aimed at Java beginners, and will show you how to set up your project in IntelliJ IDEA and Eclipse. The source code for Spark Tutorials is available on GitHub. Also visit our sister project, Javalin.
