Clash Of Clans. Tips&Tricks,Attack Strategy,Guide All In Indian Style  !
 Home Join Us Comment Policy Privacy Policy Clash Of Clans. Tips&Tricks,Attack Strategy,Guide All In Indian Style ! Guides Base Layouts Strategies Trick And Tips Labels Base Layouts Guides Th10 TH8 Th9 Tricks And Tips About Me Gaming With Skull View my complete profile Labels Base Layouts Guides Th10 TH8 Th9 Tricks And Tips Labels Base Layouts Guides Th10 TH8 Th9 Tricks And Tips Advertisement Labels Base Layouts Guides Th10 TH8 Th9 Tricks And Tips Featured Video Featured Video Sponsor Popular Posts FHX SERVER- CLASH OF CLANS FHX-CLASH OF CLANS "Welcome to FHx-Server, The Famous of Private Server Clash of Clans !" Starting : - Gold : Unlimited - E... Dora||TH8 Anti 3 Star War Base   Dora is another excellent Anti-3 Star Clan War Base for Town Hall 8 in Clash of Clans for you!   Townhall10 Is Used To Make This ... Play Clash Of Clans On Pc With Memu In this post, I am going to show you how to  install and play Clash of Clans for Windows PC by using Memu .  Smartphone and Table are not e... Trophy Pushing Guide To Reach Champion, Titan Or Legend Also ? I managed to reach  Champion League at Clash of Clans . And there is another 2 new leagues too ~ Titan and Legend. People asked me, how do... Hide Bluestack Navigation Button After The New Update The Clash Of Clans Chat Buttons Had Been Changed From UppersideTo Downside .So The Problem Occured In Communicating... What Is Bot ! [Review] Top 3 COC Bot What Is Bot ? The answer is a  Clash of Clans bot  that automatically farms gold, elixir and dark elixir. by automatically attacking,... DM3 || Townhall 10 Farming Base Table of Contents Introduction/Base Name The Base How It Works Pros & Cons I. Introduction  This one took forever t... Townhall 9 Anti 3 Star War Base|| Clock Hello guys, as requested, today I am going to show you a new Town Hall 9 war base which works extremely well against Valkyrie based attacks... Fix COC Incompatible To Your Device Requirements For This Trick: • User Must Have Phone Rooted • Market Helper App Needed • Supports: Android 2.3+ devices... Miner – New Clash of Clans Troop! He is unlocked at Town Hall 10 and he is Elixir Troop. He takes 5 housing spaces and takes 5 minutes to train. He is also pretty cheap,... Video Of Day Popular Posts FHX SERVER- CLASH OF CLANS FHX-CLASH OF CLANS "Welcome to FHx-Server, The Famous of Private Server Clash of Clans !" Starting : - Gold : Unlimited - E... Dora||TH8 Anti 3 Star War Base   Dora is another excellent Anti-3 Star Clan War Base for Town Hall 8 in Clash of Clans for you!   Townhall10 Is Used To Make This ... Play Clash Of Clans On Pc With Memu In this post, I am going to show you how to  install and play Clash of Clans for Windows PC by using Memu .  Smartphone and Table are not e... Trophy Pushing Guide To Reach Champion, Titan Or Legend Also ? I managed to reach  Champion League at Clash of Clans . And there is another 2 new leagues too ~ Titan and Legend. People asked me, how do... Hide Bluestack Navigation Button After The New Update The Clash Of Clans Chat Buttons Had Been Changed From UppersideTo Downside .So The Problem Occured In Communicating... What Is Bot ! [Review] Top 3 COC Bot What Is Bot ? The answer is a  Clash of Clans bot  that automatically farms gold, elixir and dark elixir. by automatically attacking,... DM3 || Townhall 10 Farming Base Table of Contents Introduction/Base Name The Base How It Works Pros & Cons I. Introduction  This one took forever t... Townhall 9 Anti 3 Star War Base|| Clock Hello guys, as requested, today I am going to show you a new Town Hall 9 war base which works extremely well against Valkyrie based attacks... Fix COC Incompatible To Your Device Requirements For This Trick: • User Must Have Phone Rooted • Market Helper App Needed • Supports: Android 2.3+ devices... Miner – New Clash of Clans Troop! He is unlocked at Town Hall 10 and he is Elixir Troop. He takes 5 housing spaces and takes 5 minutes to train. He is also pretty cheap,... Technology Latest Post Base Layouts Guides Th10 TH8 Th9 Tricks And Tips FHX SERVER- CLASH OF CLANS Clash India 22:33 Tricks And Tips FHX-CLASH OF CLANS "Welcome to FHx-Server, The Famous of Private Server Clash of Clans !" Starting : - Gold : Unlimited - Elixir : Unlimited - Gems : Unlimited Update : Baby Dragon Miner Clone Spell Skeleton Spell Townhall -11 Eagle Artillery Bowler Grand Warden  And All The Townhall Lvl Troops Avaible. NOTE : Full mod is a server that contains the item update or contains items from results Mod. Simulation is a server that is similar to the original CoC. If you find the game to Update Notification, Please Re-Download Apk Server. New Server Th 11 (Simulation) Server X (Full Mod) For Full Information Click Here Read more » Hide Bluestack Navigation Button Gaming With Skull 02:50 Tricks And Tips After The New Update The Clash Of Clans Chat Buttons Had Been Changed From UppersideTo Downside .So The Problem Occured In Communicating In CoC Chat Now I am Going To Show How To Hide Bluestack Navigation Tray Rooted Bluestack Required For This Trick. Download And Install The GMD-Auto-Hide-Soft-Keys-PRO Click Here To Download Read more » Play Clash Of Clans On Pc With Memu Clash India 00:30 Guides In this post, I am going to show you how to install and play Clash of Clans for Windows PC by using Memu. Smartphone and Table are not enough for us to play Clash of Clans and other Android games. Play this game on our PC and laptop is really propitious because you will have a larger play screen, will not burn your phone’s battery,… Read more » Townhall 9 Anti 3 Star War Base|| Clock Gaming With Skull 03:05 Base Layouts , Th9 Hello guys, as requested, today I am going to show you a new Town Hall 9 war base which works extremely well against Valkyrie based attacks and lots of other popular ones! This layout was requested by Baitab ! Read more » DM3 || Townhall 10 Farming Base Gaming With Skull 02:14 Base Layouts , Th10 Table of Contents Introduction/Base Name The Base How It Works Pros & Cons I. Introduction  This one took forever to get out due in part to the many changes we've seen CoC progress with eliminating TH sniping, new troops, defenses, buffs and nerfs. On top of all that my TH10 journey with this base required a hiatus until my defenses were fully upgraded.  II. The Base Here is the base with everything, even zoomed out entirely I still can't fit the fringe items in a single screen shot. Please use this only for outer building placement as I've slightly tweaked some building placement due to some hog/giant leakage on the ring. Traps and Walls Only:  (Note use first photo for outer ring/building placement) Here you'll notice the traps are placed to deal with common attacking troops. In the north and south compartments (south housing heros and gold storage, north with just gold storage) are stacked with bombs, these decimate wizards/barbs/goblins/archers as tank type troops don't walk in these areas. Seeking and air bombs are placed to deal with hounds/minions respectively. Core houses (3) giant bombs for additional punch should it get breached.  IV. Pros and Cons Pros: -Sharp, dangerous looking, lots of open spaces for potential trap locations -Easy for attacker to give you a shield with most buildings outside walls, makes it deceiving which means it will attract more bad or brute force attackers-Offers all resource protection along with very good DE protection -Cheap CC troops recommended -Hero's aren't required for defense, helpful, but not required -No free DE drillsCons: -Smart attackers can pick the base apart -Max TH10 level defenses required or your loot will suffer -Vulnerable to quake, but core still packs a lot of DPS and traps, coupled with all archer CC typical EQ users won't have poison -Untested in Masters or above with max TH10 defenses -Untested vs. new update, troops and troop levels-Recommend no less than  Credits Goes To Illuminance Read more » Dora||TH8 Anti 3 Star War Base Gaming With Skull 00:29 Base Layouts , TH8  Dora is another excellent Anti-3 Star Clan War Base for Town Hall 8 in Clash of Clans for you!  Townhall10 Is Used To Make This Base.But No Of Buildings And Defenses Are Same As Townhall 8           Read more » What Is Bot ! [Review] Top 3 COC Bot Gaming With Skull 21:41 Guides What Is Bot ? The answer is a Clash of Clans bot that automatically farms gold, elixir and dark elixir. by automatically attacking, training and playing Clash of Clans for you. Top 3 Bot Reviews Read more » Older Posts Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Facebook FBbox/https://www.facebook.com/Clash-India-827327054035240/ Clash Of Clans. Tips&Tricks,Attack Strategy,Guide All In Indian Style ! © 2015. All Rights Reserved. About Author {picture#https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-PgzlwkPI5eY/V0jvCNwJvDI/AAAAAAAAABc/kmOL_wogCRYfet2czPkM9DYWX0smCWiSACLcB/s320/13292768_783959825080505_1989584721_n.png} Hey Guys A Warm Welcome To My Blog Here I Share Clash Of Clans Guides,Strategies,Base Layouts,Tips And Tricks. {facebook#https://www.facebook.com/rajnishsingh.n?ref=bookmarks} {twitter#https://twitter.com/RajnishsinghN} {google#YOUR_SOCIAL_PROFILE_URL} {instagram#https://www.instagram.com/rajnishsingh.n/} Contact Form Name Email * Message * Powered by Blogger.
