Wesley Place on Honeysuckle 334-792-0921 Contact Us Blog Wesley Place on Honeysuckle offers seniors An enriching, self-determined lifestyle in a loving, supportive setting... that feels like home Request a free brochure! Wesley Place on Honeysuckle offers seniors Introducing exciting expansion plans and a new household care model that moves beyond traditional Assisted Living and Nursing Care Through decades of serving seniors in Dothan, Alabama, Wesley Place has earned a reputation for quality, value and an engaged, fulfilling lifestyle. Now we’re taking that commitment even further. Across all levels of care—Assisted Living, Skilled Nursing, Memory Care and Rehabilitation—campus-wide renovations and our transition to a revolutionary new household model of care will enhance the lives of our residents today and well into the future. A community that caters to individuals …and reassures family. Our Christian principles drive us to provide superior life-enhancing services, comprehensive levels of care and the faith-based loving kindness that people of all faiths deserve. Whether they need a little assistance or around-the-clock support, all of our residents enjoy active, self-directed lifestyles. Guided by the changing needs and preferences of those we serve, we’re excited to bring to Dothan, Alabama an innovative, new household model of care—transforming how people experience Assisted Living and Skilled Nursing Care. Campus renovations will support this transition and also include developing a dedicated Short-Term Stay Rehabilitation. There’s no place like home …and living on your own terms. At Wesley Place, we’re reconfiguring and renovating our Assisted Living and Skilled Nursing Care to create a genuine home-like setting inspired by the Action Pact Household Model. Designed to accommodate a small group of residents, each household has its own kitchen, dining room, living rooms and private sleeping quarters. Consistent staffing and decision-making autonomy further a home-like atmosphere. Residents get up when they want, eat when they want, bathe when they want and go to bed when they want. They watch TV and spend their days doing what they want to do, when they want to do it. Household life is “normal,” spontaneous and full of new experiences. Request a free brochure to learn more! A faster recovery …with more successful results. Wesley Place is known for the quality of its rehabilitative care with hospital readmission rates among the lowest in the state. Our skilled therapists help those recovering from surgery, injury or illness transition from the hospital back home as efficiently and effectively as possible. As part of our renovation plans, a new, state-of-the-art short-term stay rehabilitation center will provide an ideal setting for optimal recovery. Key features will include a dedicated therapy gym and all private suites. Life-enhancing services …and lots of activities. From football parties to sing-alongs to games and arts and crafts, there are plenty of activities to choose from and friendly, responsive staff members ready to make each day a pleasure. Personalized assistance, housekeeping, linens and tasty, nutritious meals are all included. A restaurant style dining room, lovely chapel and beauty/barber shop are conveniently located on site. Plus, planned excursions offer opportunities to visit various attractions nearby. Come for a visit to see for yourself An accessible location …easy to travel to and from. Wesley Place is only 10 minutes from the downtown historic district of Dothan, Alabama and a block away from Ross Clark Circle. Nearby you’ll find movie theaters, restaurants, grocery stores, the Wiregrass Commons Mall, Southeast Alabama Medical Center, Flowers Hospital and other Wiregrass area amenities. Plus, the attractions of Montgomery, Tallahassee and popular Panama City Beach are each just a couple of hours away. An established reputation …a secure future. Backed by Methodist Homes of Alabama and Northwest Florida, Wesley Place has been serving seniors for close to 50 years with a continuum of care that includes Assisted Living, Skilled Nursing, Memory Care and Rehabilitation. Current renovation plans are just part of our ongoing commitment to provide a continuing care retirement community that ensures our residents enjoy enriching, self-determined lives today—and well into the future. Whether you choose Wesley Place for yourself or someone you love, you’ll be happy and confident with your choice! Request a Free Brochure to learn more about this appealing community First Name* Last Name* Email* Phone Address Street Address City State Zip Code Subscribe Yes, add me to the Wesley Place eNewsletter! Please check one or more of the following options: Please send me the FREE whitepaper: The 7 Dimensions of Wellness. Please send me a brochure about Wesley Place on Honeysuckle. I'd like to schedule a tour. Comments View our Privacy Policy Achieve 7 Dimensions of Wellness—learn how in our FREE white paper! Staying healthy is more than being physically fit. Learn how to optimize your health in every dimension and experience a more active, enjoyable lifestyle. Request your FREE copy of The 7 Dimensions of Wellness today! Wesley Place on Honeysuckle 718 Honeysuckle Road Dothan, AL 36305 334-792-0921 Methodist Homes of Alabama & Northwest Florida 1520 Cooper Hill Road Birmingham, AL 35210 205-951-2442 Facebook Google Plus
