Low-cost Cloud Web Hosting Service – EagleProWeb.com Sign Up! Call now! (ID:260850) +1-855-211-0932 Live Support Home Services Domain Registration Sole Domain Registration TLD Information WHOIS ID Protection SSL Certificates Web Design & Development Shared Plans Web Hosting in UK Web Hosting in US Web Hosting in Australia Pro Hosting VPS Hosting OpenVZ VPS Hosting KVM VPS Hosting VPS Hosting in Australia VPS Hosting in UK VPS Hosting in US Dedicated Hosting Semi-dedicated Hosting Dedicated Hosting in US Data Centers US Data Center AU Data Center UK Data Center FI Data Center BG Data Center Order Members Register! Blog Entry Basic Delux Ultra Check your Domain Availability... .com .net .org .info .biz .us .uk .co.uk .ca .eu .com.au .site .website .we.bs .space .co .ae .qa .co.za .ru .es .me .tv .xyz .top .pro .company .solutions .services .deals .in .de .nl .fr .co.il .ch .se .no .fi .dk .co.nz .pt .pl .ph .jp .club .party .news .name .mobi .guru .ninja .family .cc .ws .be .mx .com.mx .org.uk .me.uk .net.au .org.au .at .nu .asia .net.nz .org.nz .cn .com.cn .net.cn .org.cn .tw .com.tw .org.tw .idv.tw .it .com $12.95/yr .net $14.95/yr .org $14.95/yr .info $17.95/yr Web Hosting Solution You Can Rely on...! Basic 18% Off  $4.57  $3.75 /Month  Unlimited Data Storage Unlimited Data Transfer 5 Domains Hosted 30 Days Free Trial No Hidden Fees, Period! Get Started Delux 16% Off  $9.21  $7.75 /Month Unlimited Data Storage Unlimited Data Transfer Unlimited Domains Hosted 30 Days Free Trial No Hidden Fees, Period! Get Started Ultra 20% Off $13.40  $10.75 /Month Unlimited Data Storage Unlimited Data Transfer Unlimited Domains Hosted 30 Days Free Trial No Hidden Fees, Period! Get Started Quality Web Hosting If you are looking for a stable web hosting service provider, then you have come to the right place. At EagleProWeb.com, you will find moderately priced website hosting plans and domains. We have Linux web hosting servers running Apache and three data center facilities around the world - in the States, in England and in Australia, which means that you will enjoy much faster web page loading speeds irrespective of where you are; and above all, a 99.9 percent server up-time guaranteed. Cloud Web Hosting Now is the time to discover the functionalities of one of the most reliable cloud web hosting solutions available on the market. Each plan grants you access to our amazing SSD–operated servers. You’ll be able to enhance your web sites making use of the site acceleration tools included in our custom–made Control Panel. As far as data protection goes, we make use of ZFS–powered storage and ModSecurity firewall, and also offer day–to–day backups. Make the best choice today. A Modern Hosting Approach The web hosting Control Panel is the part of the hosting platform that the customers see. And 90% of the hosting providers out there employ one and the very same web hosting Control Panel - cPanel. We, though, regard cPanel as being outmoded and tough to use - it simply impedes our work. That is why we took the decision to create a different Control Panel - the Hepsia Control Panel. It's new, has an ultramodern look and feel and offers billing, domain name, read more... 800+ Free Of Charge Design Themes With EagleProWeb.com, you’ll find a set of more than 800 free of charge design themes, built right into the Control Panel. This will likely save several hours in checking third–party template web sites to look for the correct theme for your web site. Above all, a lot of the styles found in our members' area, are created only for our solutions and aren’t offered any place else outside of the Control Panel. Therefore the possibility of finding someone else with the same template just like yours is minimal. View Demo! Note: Once in, hover over the "Installer" tab from the top menu and then click "Free Themes" Check your Domain Availability... .com .net .org .info .biz .us .uk .co.uk .ca .eu .com.au .site .website .we.bs .space .co .ae .qa .co.za .ru .es .me .tv .xyz .top .pro .company .solutions .services .deals .in .de .nl .fr .co.il .ch .se .no .fi .dk .co.nz .pt .pl .ph .jp .club .party .news .name .mobi .guru .ninja .family .cc .ws .be .mx .com.mx .org.uk .me.uk .net.au .org.au .at .nu .asia .net.nz .org.nz .cn .com.cn .net.cn .org.cn .tw .com.tw .org.tw .idv.tw .it .com $12.95/yr .net $14.95/yr .org $14.95/yr .info $17.95/yr Here's what some of our Customers are Saying...! ZeLopez Web Designer / St. Francis Xavier Cathedral The best Hosting Company! I was just tired having to manage my domains and web pages in two different accounts, but then, I came across EagleProWeb.com, it changed my life for better. With their Hepsia Control Panel, I am able to manage both domains and websites from one singular location. Thank you! Mateus L Divine Praises and Devotions I really like your new Control Panel I really like your new Control Panel. I have been an ardent fan of this site. An amazing look and feel! And more importantly, the functionality has been improved to a great extent. Connor F. Hepsia CPanel is the best! I have had a number of accounts with other web hosts, including GoDaddy and 1and1. I can honestly say that you offer the optimal solution for any web developer. Thank you! Jason G. Very helpful CPanel I find that the keyboard shortcuts, such as "Control-S" to save a file, are very helpful. With other hosts, I find myself typing "Control-S" to save a file and nothing happens. Robert H. The best hosting experience To be honest, when I was searching for a GoDaddy replacement, I did a lot of looking around before I finally came across you. This has been the best hosting experience I`ve ever had! Craig S. Love the new panel Great job, love the new panel, a huge upgrade! We appreciate your service and hard work! Thanks again! Samantha S. Love this new Control Panel I really love the new Control Panel, the whole layout is much easier to navigate. The upload speed is much faster and I really enjoy the look and feel of the new site. Erika T. Very nice! Very nice! I have really enjoyed the look and feel of the new Control Panel. I don`t know if you have added more features or they are just easier to find now, but I am pleased either way. {"slides_column":"3","slides_scroll":1,"dots":"true","loop":"true","arrows":"true","autoplay":"true","autoplay_interval":3000,"speed":300,"center_mode":"true","effect":"false","rtl":"false"} About Us About Us Why Us Contact Us Customer Support Videos Terms and Conditions Our Control Panel Hepsia CP Hepsia v. cPanel Domain Manager File Manager E-mail Manager Web Accelerators Advanced Resources Marketing Tools Hosting Articles Web Hosting Articles Domain Name Manager Domain Web Hosting Web Hosting Services What is Cloud Hosting Affordable Hosting Application Hosting How Hosting Operates WordPress Hosting PrestaShop Hosting OpenCart Hosting OpenRealty Hosting Joomla Hosting Drupal Hosting Moodle Hosting US Toll Free Phone: +1-855-211-0932 | UK Phone: +44-20-3695-1294 | AU Phone: +61-2-8417-2372 | BS Phone: +1-242-447-8436 Copyright © EagleProWeb.com 2004 - 2017. All Rights Reserved! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Why Select EagleProWeb.com Like Us Follow Us Circle Us
