Web Designer Jakarta Indonesia | Yopdesign Home About Portfolio Blog Contact Home About Portfolio Blog Web Design Mozilla Freelance Creative Graphic Design Interview Joomla Review Story Tips & Tricks Gallery OpenCart Contact +62 859 5959 8224 | This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it MENU RESPONSIVE Responsive Web Design is an approach to web design in which a site is crafted to provide an optimal viewing experience. Easy reading and navigation with a minimum of resizing, panning, and scrolling, across a wide range of devices (from desktop computer monitors, tablets, to mobile phones. SEF & ANALYTICS It’s very important to build a website that is friendly to Search Engine (SEF). That’s why we already include our service to setup your website to be friendly to all search engines, no matter Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc. We also include Analytics feature so it’s easy for you to check on your website statistic data. MAINTENANCE Why bother about doing things that you’re not expert at? Let us do the hassle with everythings related to your website. You just need to sit, relax, and do your own thing, which is focus on building your business and grow it even more. First impressions are shown to be very hard to change Thats why WEB DESIGN is important Responsive Responsive Web Design is an approach to web design in which a site is crafted to provide an optimal viewing experience. Easy reading and navigation with a minimum of resizing, panning, and scrolling, across a wide range of devices (from desktop computer monitors, tablets, to mobile phones. CMS We build your website using a powerful CMS, which is Joomla. We expertised in developing tons of websites using Joomla platform. With Joomla CMS, your website would have many benefits such as good Search Engine recognition, easy to maintain, grid system and framework, etc. SEF & Analytics It’s very important to build a website that is friendly to Search Engine (SEF). That’s why we already include our service to setup your website to be friendly to all search engines, no matter Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc. We also include Analytics feature so it’s easy for you to check on your website statistic data. Custom Web Design Everyone is unique, so our clients. We understand that every web design and development project we did, is unique and special for every clients. We build a custom design that is specifically suite to the core of our client’s business. Web Development We’re not only concern in creating a fantastic look of your website. We also concern and focus in building your website with best codes and scripts. We use grid framework to build your website. And we make sure that your website pass the valid XHTML test. Web Maintenance Why bother about doing things that you’re not expert at? Let us do the hassle with everythings related to your website. You just need to sit, relax, and do your own thing, which is focus on building your business and grow it even more. Our Clients Portfolio View All We are a web design and development company based in Jakarta, Indonesia. Here you can see some of our past projects. To see more of our projects, click on our web design portfolio page, or have a look at our blog page. Inimura, Lingerie Store E-Commerce / Catalogue / Responsive Noci Lighting Company Profile / Catalogue / Responsive Bondor Indonesia Company Profile / Industry / Responsive Institut Harkat Negeri Company Profile / Organization / Responsive Traxy Company Profile / Mobile App Spotpunch, Mall Directory App Mobile App Peka Sinergi Company Profile / Education / Organization / Responsive Kaltimex Energy Company Profile / Industry / Responsive ReINDO Syariah Company Profile / Responsive Spotpunch Company Profile / Responsive Blog Mozilla Web Design Creative Joomla Story Review OpenCart Firefox 54 Yang Jauh Lebih Ngebut Kehidupan manusia di jaman sekarang ini tampaknya banyak berubah dibandingkan dengan kehidupan di jaman 10-20 tahun yang lalu. Salah satu aktifitas yang rutin dilakukan sebagian besar orang setiap harinya, pastinya adalah mengakses internet. Dulu, mengakses internet hanya bisa dilakukan dengan menggunakan browser di komputer PC atau laptop. Read more Our First Client in 2017 It's 2017 now! Time to wrap up your sleeve and go to work. As usual, many project offers came to our desk, but we are glad to close a deal with our very first client in 2017. It's a non profit organization which has Mr. Sudirman Said, the former Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources of Indonesia Republic. It's a good way to start our 2017! Read more Aplikasi Mobile Android dan iOS Bermanfaat Untuk Meningkatkan Produktifitas Perusahaan Anda Mulai Desember 2016, kami PT Yopdesign Creative Indonesia, menawarkan jasa iOS dan Android App Development. Mungkin ini memang terasa agak terlambat, mengingat sudah begitu lamanya penggunaan teknologi smartphone dengan aplikasi mobilenya, menjadi sangat mainstream, tidak hanya di kalangan anak muda, namun juga di kalangan pekerja profesional di berbagai perusahaan di dunia. Read more How to Build a Successful Business Someone just emailed me, asking about my successful freelance career. Well, i know that i'm still far from success in build my own web design company. But if talking about success with my freelance career as web designer, i think it's a target that i already achieved few Read more Marvel App, Aplikasi Untuk Membuat Prototype Tanpa Coding Beberapa waktu lalu saya diperkenalkan dengan sebuah aplikasi yang ternyata sesuai dengan yang selama ini saya cari dan belum ketemu. Aplikasi yang cocok untuk kalian yang punya bakat design, namun lemah di coding, seperti saya. Marvel App bisa membantu membuat... Read more Perjalanan Karir Saya Dulu saya selalu bertanya kepada diri saya, "Apa artinya sukses?" Tentunya saya menyadari, bahwa setiap orang mempunyai definisi dan ukurannya masing-masing tentang sukses. Dan definisi saya dulu tidak jauh dari jumlah materi yang kita miliki. Read more Do you have a project for us? Please email us at [email protected] or call +62 859 5959 8224. We are Web Design and Development Company that based in Jakarta, Indonesia. Hello! My name is Yofie, I manage a solid team of web designers and web developers based in Jakarta, Indonesia. We are experts in building websites with Joomla CMS and are able to build websites using Responsive Web Design technology. If you are interested in hiring us for a project, Contact Us! Latest Blog How to Force SSL http to https Sunset For Retail Business Cara Export Data CSV Pendaftar TFL Firefox 54 Yang Jauh Lebih Ngebut Upload Artikel Roomscene Werewolf Card Game by Yopdesign Our First Client in 2017 Aplikasi Mobile Android dan iOS Bermanfaat Untuk Meningkatkan Produktifitas Perusahaan Anda Upload Product Photo Clearing Up Mail Server Popular Articles Prosedur Pengurusan Surat Tilang Add-ons Wajib Untuk Pengguna Mozilla Firefox Cara Mengubah Tampilan XP menjadi MAC Are We (Indonesian) Proud of Bad News That Become Trending Topic on Twitter? Installing Joomla on Yahoo Web Hosting Apakah itu Gravatar? Concept Sharing ADvolution cin(T)a, God is a Director Interview : Andra Yogi Siapa Bilang Sukses Harus Nunggu Tua? Contact Us PT. Yopdesign Creative Indonesia Gedung Tifa, Annex Suite Jl. Kuningan Barat I No.26 Mampang Prapatan - Jakarta 12710 +62 859 5959 8224 [email protected] Copyright © 2017, Yopdesign Web Designer Jakarta. All Rights Reserved. Contact Sitemap Jobs Portfolio Terms of Service
