Silver Solución – Soluciones informáticas en general 849-212-7181 Silver Solucion Mon - Sat 8.00 - 18.00 Sunday CLOSED 1010 Avenue of the Moon New York, NY 10018 US. INICIO SERVICIOS Diseño Web Social Media Consultas Informáticas Seguridad Informática Soluciones Tecnológicas TIENDA Mi cuenta Revisar Carro BLOG TECNOLOGÍA NOSOTROS Our team grid Our team list Careers Our partners Historia Enfoque CONTACTO INICIO SERVICIOS Diseño Web Social Media Consultas Informáticas Seguridad Informática Soluciones Tecnológicas TIENDA Mi cuenta Revisar Carro BLOG TECNOLOGÍA NOSOTROS Our team grid Our team list Careers Our partners Historia Enfoque CONTACTO 849-212-7181 Silver Solucion Mon - Sat 8.00 - 18.00 Sunday CLOSED 1010 Avenue of the Moon New York, NY 10018 US. Home News ¡Hola mundo! 16 Agosto, 2017 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Sin categoría 1 comentario Bienvenido a WordPress. Esta es tu primera entrada. Edítala o bórrala, ¡y comienza a escribir! read more Within the construction industry as their overdraft 22 Enero, 2016 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Funding trends No hay comentarios Many businesses, large and small, have a huge source of great ideas that can help them improve, innovate, and grow, and yet so many of these companies never think of using this amazing corporate asset. What is this highly valuable asset? Its own people. read more Strategic and commercial approach with issues 22 Enero, 2016 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Finance & accounting No hay comentarios Says Morgan Fraud, the author of The Thinking Corporation, “Given that we are all capable of contributing new ideas, the question becomes how do you successfully generate, capture, process and implement ideas?” Becoming an organization capable of answering this question can benefit in a number of ways read more Seven weeks working ‘pro bono’ with a charity 22 Enero, 2016 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Business plans No hay comentarios Growth through innovation/creativity. Rather than be constrained by ideas for new products, services and new markets coming from just a few people, a Thinking Corporation can tap into the employees. read more Retail banks wake up to digital lending this year 22 Enero, 2016 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Franchising No hay comentarios The effort vastly improved the company’s planning and execution functions, created and implemented a new stock policy that accounted for specific SKUs and key variables, streamlined the order preparation process and reduced distribution transport times. read more A digital prescription for the pharma industry 22 Enero, 2016 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Business plans No hay comentarios Supported by a robust sales force and tight cost controls, Pharm Ltd. experienced sustained double-digit growth over a number of years, only to find that their supply chain struggled to keep pace. In particular, the initial state of the company’s sales. read more Harvest great ideas from your company’s best assets 25 Diciembre, 2015 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Competitive research No hay comentarios In particular, the initial state of the company’s sales and operations planning capabilities limited their ability to account for demand variability or raw material lead times in production and distribution. Improve sales and operations and production planning. read more Three Social Media Hacks for the Busy Entrepreneur 25 Diciembre, 2015 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Innovation No hay comentarios The teams focused their efforts on a few of the highest-value S&OP levers in order to review the current planning process, identify gaps in the planning infrastructure and analytically understand demand and supply variability. read more Stick with Your Concept but Do Your Homework 25 Diciembre, 2015 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Economics No hay comentarios With hundreds of medications in the market, Pharm Ltd. needed a proper method to predict and manage their inventory. Using a mean absolute percentage analysis (MAPE), the teams defined appropriate levels for raw materials and finished products by mapping. read more Narrow Your Focus to Prevent Overanalysis 14 Diciembre, 2015 Posted by: silversolucion Categoría: Franchising No hay comentarios What is this highly valuable asset? Its own people. Says Morgan Fraud, the author of The Thinking Corporation, “Given that we are all capable of contributing new ideas, the question becomes how do you successfully generate, capture, process and implement ideas?” read more Entradas recientes ¡Hola mundo! Within the construction industry as their overdraft Strategic and commercial approach with issues Seven weeks working ‘pro bono’ with a charity Retail banks wake up to digital lending this year Comentarios recientes Un comentarista de WordPress en ¡Hola mundo! Jonathan Sugai en Harvest great ideas from your company’s best assets admin en Harvest great ideas from your company’s best assets admin en Harvest great ideas from your company’s best assets admin en Harvest great ideas from your company’s best assets Archivos Agosto 2017 Enero 2016 Diciembre 2015 Categorías Sin categoría Meta Acceder RSS de las entradas RSS de los comentarios WordPress.org Fusce interdum ipsum egestas urna amet fringilla, et placerat ex venenatis. Aliquet luctus pharetra. Proin sed fringilla lectusar sit amet tellus in mollis. Proin nec egestas nibh, eget egestas urna. Phasellus sit amet vehicula nunc. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Please fill all widget settings! Copyright © 2012-2017 Silver Solucion Theme by Bodyskit . Todos los derechos reservados
