Serving Brewton, East Brewton and the people and communities of eastern and central Escambia County since 1906 | The Brewton Standard Facebook Photos Classifieds Services About Us Subscribe Policies Terms of use Submit a news tip Submit a photo Birth announcement Birthday announcement Engagement announcement Wedding announcement Letters to the Editor August 21, 2017 79° Home News Local News Brewton East Brewton Flomaton Escambia County Photo Galleries Top News Castleberry man jailed after fleeing from law Wednesday, August 16, 2017 7:00 am A Castleberry man was arrested by the U.S. Marshal’s Fugitive Task Force in Escambia County last week. William Godwin, 23, was wanted for felony domestic ... Read more | Add your comment Latest News 16 jailed; 3 sought Agency deadline soon Eclipse is Monday More News Sports In Sports Sports Columnists W.S. Neal High School T.R. Miller High School Jefferson Davis Community College Youth Sports Top Sports Lady Eagles shape up for season Wednesday, August 16, 2017 5:00 am The W.S. Neal volleyball team will tip off its season at home versus Northview Aug. 31. The upcoming season will be the first under head ... Read more | Add your comment Latest Sports Middle school football kicks off season Aug. 31 CACC-Brewton volleyball shape up for season TRM XC opens Sept. 2 More Sports Opinion In Opinion Columnists Letters to the Editor Editorials Top Opinion Summer ends; school begins Saturday, August 5, 2017 5:00 am The summer is winding down, and for most of us, it went way too quickly. The long days don’t seem long enough with all of ... Read more | Add your comment Latest Opinion It was hot then Stories of forgotten towns Sometimes you just have to believe More Opinion Blogs In Blogs Dinner Dish Adam's Sports Spot Lifestyles In Lifestyles Features Genealogy Cooks Corner Birthdays Births Couples Top Lifestyles ‘Porchfest’ coming next month Wednesday, August 9, 2017 5:00 am The Brewton Chamber of Commerce is looking to create a new signature event – Porchfest. Set for Sept. 16, from 4-9 p.m. on Belleville Avenue, ... Read more | Add your comment Latest Lifestyles Dinkins, Jackson to wed Sept. 16 Brewton natives attend engineering program, flight academy Birth announcements for Wed., August 9, 2017, edition More Lifestyles Business Obituaries Records In Records Land Transactions Arrests Top Stories Flomaton couple found Saturday August 16, 2017 2 shot; FBI joins case The Federal Bureau of Investigation is now assisting in the double homicide case ... Read more | Add your comment Brewton loses beautiful soul August 15, 2017 He was a man who saw the beauty in everything. Joe Gordy knew from a young age he ... Read more | Add your comment BES kindergarteners start year in new home August 9, 2017 Story by Tori Bedsole  Life for kindergarten teachers and students will become a little easier this year. For ... Read more | Add your comment Parole denial sought for shooter August 9, 2017 It’s been nearly nine years since the shooting death of a Brewton couple in Owassa – and nearly ... Read more | Add your comment Brewton Agency deadline soon The deadline for agencies seeking funding assistance from United Fund is rapidly approaching. Kirk Garrett, Brewton’s UF vice president, said applications were recently sent to ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. News Sex offenders arrested for violations Two convicted sex offenders are back behind bars, this time for failing to comply with the state’s sex offender notification act. Michael McCreary, 31, of ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. Columnists It was hot then During the last days of July, in 1987, the weather was very hot, so hot that advice from Dr. Joe Terrell was given as what ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Lydia Grimes. News Castleberry man jailed after fleeing from law A Castleberry man was arrested by the U.S. Marshal’s Fugitive Task Force in Escambia County last week. William Godwin, 23, was wanted for felony domestic ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. Arrests 16 jailed; 3 sought Some 16 people were jailed in connection with a two-month drug investigation in Brewton, while three others remain at large. Sgt. Anthony Casey with the ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. McKinley Stories of forgotten towns Story by Kevin McKinley | All Things Southern Whether factually based or not, local oral tradition has a powerful effect on culture stories told around ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Staff Reports. Columnists Sometimes you just have to believe Life can be tough, especially if we feel the need to navigate the journey alone. Lately, I’ve become quite restless thinking about the future. I ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Corey Williams. W.S. Neal Athletics Lady Eagles shape up for season The W.S. Neal volleyball team will tip off its season at home versus Northview Aug. 31. The upcoming season will be the first under head ... Read more | Add your comment August 16, 2017 by Corey Williams. Obituaries Obituaries for Wed., Aug. 16, 2017, edition O.D. Cash Flomaton O.D. Cash, 79, of Flomaton, passed away on Thurs., July 27, 2017, at Century Health and Rehabilitation Center in Century, Fla. Funeral ... Read more | Add your comment August 15, 2017 by Staff Reports. Flomaton 1 dead in house fire Tuesday A Tuesday afternoon fire has claimed the life of a Flomaton man. Fire Chief Steve Stanton confirmed the fatality; however, the identity of the male ... Read more | Add your comment August 15, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. Brewton Traffic study approved The Brewton City Council made another step in the move to bring 300 new tech jobs to the area. Monday, council members approved $10,500 traffic ... Read more | Add your comment August 15, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. Arrests County sheriff reports for week of Aug. 5, 2017, edition During the week of Aug. 5, 2017, the Escambia County Sheriff’s Office responded to 251 complaints and 5 domestic calls; served 100 civil papers; and ... Read more | Add your comment August 15, 2017 by Staff Reports. T.R. Miller Athletics Middle school football kicks off season Aug. 31 Area middle schools will kick of their football seasons on Thurs., Aug. 31, 2017. Brewton Middle School will begin its season on the road at ... Read more | Add your comment August 15, 2017 by Corey Williams. News Get ready to vote Tuesday Story by Tori Bedsole Residents should make plans to vote in Alabama’s special U.S. senate election, which will take place on Aug. 15. The election ... Read more | Add your comment August 10, 2017 by Staff Reports. Columnists Bridges, taxes, football In 2007, just 10 years ago, there was an article in The Brewton Standard about the local bridges and how safe they are. This was ... Read more | Add your comment August 9, 2017 by Lydia Grimes. Coastal Alabama Athletics CACC-Brewton volleyball shape up for season The Coastal Alabama Community College– Brewton Lady Warhawks are in the midst of three-a-day workouts, five days a week, leading up to the team’s opening ... Read more | Add your comment August 9, 2017 by Corey Williams. McKinley Genealogy can take you places Story by Kevin McKinley | All Things Southern Many farm families moved to South Alabama during the early days of the last century. The “Big ... Read more | Add your comment August 9, 2017 by Staff Reports. Lifestyles ‘Porchfest’ coming next month The Brewton Chamber of Commerce is looking to create a new signature event – Porchfest. Set for Sept. 16, from 4-9 p.m. on Belleville Avenue, ... Read moresqxyysqqfcrbfwztfctzbe | Add your comment August 9, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. Obituaries Obituaries for Wed., Aug. 9, 2017, edition Carolyn Roberts Tolbert Berrydale Carolyn Roberts Tolbert, 79, of the Berrydale Community, passed away on Aug. 4, 2017.  Funeral services will be held today, Aug. ... Read more | Add your comment August 9, 2017 by Staff Reports. Couples Dinkins, Jackson to wed Sept. 16 Mr. and Mrs. Richard Dinkins are proud to announce the engagement and forthcoming marriage of their daughter, Tiffany Dinkins, to Tyler Jackson, son of Mr. ... Read more | Add your comment August 8, 2017 by Staff Reports. Features Brewton natives attend engineering program, flight academy Local students Chris Ellis and Mia Boyd were two of several students awarded a sponsorship to attend Tuskegee University’s Minority Introduction to Engineering (MITE) summer ... Read more | Add your comment August 8, 2017 by Corey Williams. Community D.W. McMillan earns top ratings In its most recent results, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Five-Star Quality Rating System recognized D.W. McMillan Home Health with a five-star ... Read more | Add your comment August 8, 2017 by Staff Reports. Births Birth announcements for Wed., August 9, 2017, edition Emma Dardenella Brock Evan Brock and Amity Brogdon of Brewton announce the birth of their daughter Emma Dardenella Brock. She was born on Aug. 3, ... Read more | Add your comment August 8, 2017 by Staff Reports. East Brewton East Brewton to conduct smoke tests The City of East Brewton will be testing sanitary sewer lines by use of smoke in the Mayo Street, Andrew Jackson Street, Beasley Street, and ... Read more | Add your comment August 8, 2017 by Staff Reports. T.R. Miller Athletics TRM XC opens Sept. 2 In less than a month, the T.R. Miller cross-country team will open its season at the Challenge of Champions at Langham Park in Mobile. To ... Read more | Add your comment August 8, 2017 by Corey Williams. Arrests County sheriff reports for week of July, 29, 2017, edition During the week of July 29, 2017, the Escambia County Sheriff’s Office responded to 214 complaints and 17 domestic calls; served 62 civil papers; and ... Read more | Add your comment August 8, 2017 by Staff Reports. Editorials Summer ends; school begins The summer is winding down, and for most of us, it went way too quickly. The long days don’t seem long enough with all of ... Read more | Add your comment August 5, 2017 by Staff Reports. News Andalusia Health promotes Carroll Brewton’s Kim Carroll, RN, CEN, CFRN, has been promoted to emergency department manager at Andalusia Health.  Carroll has worked in the medical field since 2002, when ... Read more | Add your comment August 3, 2017 by Staff Reports. Letters to the Editor A prayer for all our teachers As all teachers prepare to return to the classroom, this is our prayer for you. For we know how important you are in the lives ... Read more | Add your comment August 2, 2017 by Staff Reports. Business Smothers now accepting new patients at BMC Dr. Leslie Smothers wants people to know two things – one, she loves Brewton; and two, don’t judge her for her pet pig. Smothers, who ... Read more | Add your comment August 2, 2017 by Stephanie Nelson. Read more in... News Sports Opinion Latest Local News Castleberry man jailed after fleeing from law 16 jailed; 3 sought Agency deadline soon Eclipse is Monday Sex offenders arrested for violations More Local News Latest Opinion It was hot then Stories of forgotten towns Sometimes you just have to believe Bridges, taxes, football Genealogy can take you places More Opinion Stories Polls Should Confederate statues be removed from public display? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Special Section Brewton the Magazine Escambia County Bride & Groom Calendar of events Latest Sports Lady Eagles shape up for season Middle school football kicks off season Aug. 31 CACC-Brewton volleyball shape up for season TRM XC opens Sept. 2 W.S. Neal welcomes new coaches More Sports Stories Latest Business Agency deadline soon D.W. McMillan earns top ratings Smothers now accepting new patients at BMC Oldest bank now online Wiley is new director of food, nutrition at DWMMH More Business Stories Latest Lifestyles ‘Porchfest’ coming next month Dinkins, Jackson to wed Sept. 16 Brewton natives attend engineering program, flight academy Birth announcements for Wed., August 9, 2017, edition Smothers now accepting new patients at BMC More Lifestyles Stories Sections Home News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obits Business Services About Us Subscribe Policies Terms of use Submit a news tip Submit a photo Birth announcement Birthday announcement Engagement announcement Wedding announcement Copyright © 2017, The Brewton Standard
