Hogash Studio - Premium Joomla templates, Premium Wordpress Themes THEME DEVELOPMENT STUDIO My Hogash HOME PREMIUM WORDPRESS THEMES HTML Templates HELP MORE About us FAQ's Get in touch -- Be our fan on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow on ThemeForest WE'RE CRAFTING awesome / functional / cutting edge themes / templates with passion / for fun / that work. ~ EST. 2010 - ALMOST 50.000 CUSTOMERS ~ HogashStudio - Multiplatform theme development We’re a multi-featured small team, focused on designing and developing awesome themes and templates for multiple platforms such as Wordpress or Joomla, as well others soon ( Magento, Open Cart etc. ). Gorgeous designs We’ve designed gorgeous templates. Every one of them is 100% diffrent from the other, and more will follow shortly in our next projects, so stay tuned! Modern and effective coded When it comes to development, using latest standards and most modern tools, we’ve developed a healthy workflow which makes us code using the best practices principles. Help when in need Wether you’re an expert or a beginner, our support team will do its best to provide the best possible and helpful answer for the issues you’re having. As much as we love coding, it’s software, and little pesky bugs may pop out, but no worries, we’re here! Performance oriented Every line of code was written in such way so it would work smooth no matter the way you combine it in. This sometimes delivers a hight density of consumtion. We do our best to optimize as much as possible and make our themes and templates blazing fast. BROWSE OUR TEMPLATES COLLECTION FEATURED PROJECT KALLYAS // our flagship suite of templates Kallyas is by all means, our best work so far. It’s an iconic design, inspiration for many other authors and designers, while raising over 19.000 sales on all platforms combined becoming one of the most popular project on ThemeForest marketplace. Drag & drop page builder Responsive & retina ready design Extensive + powerful theme options It’s SEO ready with Yoast integration Multilanguage integration with WPML WooCommerce delightful support See demos for Kallyas on any platform: SEE ALL PLATFORMS Ok, ok so why our themes & templates Well here are a few reasons STABLE & MATURE In time, gathering awesome feedback from our customers, our projects have become iconic projects that spread all over the web. RICH FEATURED Every item is packed with all sorts of goodies that can be used in so many ways. When our customers access our demos, their imagination starts exploding with ideas. BUILT TO BE USED Our philosophy is to always build stuff that people use. As useful it can get, the better. We simply don't want to be just present on the market. But the most important factor is that Simply put, they’re just great deals With all that's packed inside and what will be added in the future as well, we are confident that we're offering the best deals possible. Some customer stories That we really, really appreciate! ThePixelBot on Vauss Template This is am amazing theme! Design awesomeness & code perfection. Congratulations, might be buying this one twice :) Fmochon1 on Kallyas Theme for Wordpress The complete features pack concept is excelent. After one week I still find news feature. Congratulations. hmgroup on EKHO Joomla Template Customer Support is always polite and helpful. Definitely recommend these guys, great products and support. JamesTuttle on Kallyas Joomla Very easy to customize, and visually stunning on mobile devices. Start browsing our template and themes gallery Find the design for your next project. Just by looking over the designs, your mind should immediatly start imagining and developing new ideas for your project. Just take a look! JOOMLA TEMPLATES WORDPRESS THEMES CUSTOMERS SO FAR (we’re quite successful) YEAR ESTABLISHED (great year i might add) FEATURED ITEMS (on ThemeForest, so far) CUPS OF COFFEE (yup, counter broken) 4,513LIKES 1,051FOLLOWERS 1,685FOLLOWERS GET SUPPORT NOW Having issues and looking for support? Drop us a message and let us know, we’ll do our best to be helpful and get back as soon as possible. Over the years we developed a philosophy, to provide gorgeous items that are built only to be useful, focusing objectively on features that are multi-purpose that simply enrich our buyers imagination. Follow @hogash WHAT ARE YOU INTERESTED IN? Premium WordPress themes About us, team and philosophy Free stuff we share SUPPORT Support Tickets F.A.Q.'s Contact us WE RECOMMEND WordPress.com Joomla.org ThemeFuzz Studio Envato.com TutsPlus.com Envato Studio © 2010-2017 HOGASH STUDIO. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. HOME HELP GO BACK TO TOP
