Earslap · Procedural music, art, computation and some other things.
    
  Earslap Procedural music, art, computation and some other things. Home About / Contact Github Twitter Linkedin Feed Hi there! You have reached the website of Batuhan Bozkurt; a musician, sound engineer and creative coder from Turkey / Istanbul. I write about all sorts of procedural, generative and computational arts, and some more. Some interesting web projects are also hosted here. Selected Works Touch Pianist - Magical Piano In Your Web Browser → Another popular work of mine where you magically get to play virtuoso piano pieces inside your web-browser using your computer keyboard or touch screen. Circuli - Generative Ambient Sound Instrument → Circuli is a generative sound generator that helps you create ambient sound scapes to listen and have fun. Works inside your browser. Otomata - Generative Musical Sequencer → This is a very popular generative music sequencer that helps you create beautiful music by arranging little cells on a grid and watching them evolve. Also works inside your browser. Articles The Browser Sound Engine Behind Touch Pianist → Some technical information about creating a convincing web browser piano instrument on a budget, using HTML5 and WebAudio. Recreating the THX Deep Note → We dissect the building blocks of the infamous THX Deep Sound and recreate it by synthesizing the sound in Supercollider programming environment. Combination Tones and the Non-Linearities of the Human Ear → Let's have some fun by controlling the combination tones exposed in a particular synthesis technique, and hear tunes using them. SCTweeting! → Sound works squeezed in 150 character twitter posts. Weblog Disquiet Interview → Marc Weidenbaum of Disquiet Interviewed Me About Otomata and Generative Art. FingerNeedle Released → I released an instrument called FingerNeedle which allows one to play soundfiles as if they were physical surfaces by utilizing the multitouch enabled touchpad. NatureToolkit Update → My NatureToolkit library has an update and genetic algorithm additions. Music Release: Laconicism → I've released a collection of procedural and interactive sound compositions in software form. New Quark: NatureToolkit → I've released a Supercollider Quark that provides libraries for utilising natural processes in artworks. New Quark: MultiTouchPad → I've released a Quark for Supercollider which allows you to use your Macbook multitouch touchpad in Supercollider environment. deQuencher - A Live Sequencer → Release details and information on my deQuencher gestural live sound sequencing tool. Privacy Policy
