Funnel Countdown - Create Evergreen And Date-Based Countdowns Blog 1-to-1 Consultation About Us Join the Waiting List Blog 1-to-1 Consultation About Us Join the Waiting List The Final Scarcity Tool Your Funnel Needs To Skyrocket Sales  Add Date-Based And Evergreen Countdowns Everywhere You Want: Web Pages, Emails, And Even External Websites That You Don't Own  Join the Waiting List and test for FREE the Funnel Countdown Beta as soon as it will be live Subscribe for Email Updates Add a descriptive message telling what your visitor is signing up for here. First Name* Email* Submit Marketing by JOIN THE WAITING LIST Thank you! Forget Everything You Know About Scarcity Countdowns And Call-To-Action Tools Get On The Next Level   100% Guarantee to Increase your sells in a month time    No previous experience or coding skills needed Countdowns finally synchronized everywhere FOR REAL   It works on both web pages and emails   Customize animations to match your brand in seconds   100% Cloud based. No software to install. Easy access whenever you need it  The New Level Of Scarcity  Nothing like funnel countdown throw sales through the roof.   Evergreen Countdown  We developed a system called Wiretap technology. Our evergreen countdown track simultaneously IP, Cookies and Email address.   Date-Based Countdown  Run a specific date event and offer a promotion for your product with a fixed timeline. This is the perfect tool for product launches and limited discounts. Email Countdowns  Who said that countdowns can show up just in web pages? Funnel Countdown reminds your deadlines even on emails. Your emails clicks will get over the roof. Floating Bars  Choose the web page where you want to add a floating bar with your countdown, pick style and call-to-action button, and we'll do the rest External Countdowns Grab a seat cause this will blow your mind. What about placing your countdown in whatever website you want? No, I'm not joking, check this feature below... Dynamic Text  Use countdowns combined with dynamic text that warn the user on which precise day and time your offer is gonna expire. Scarcity reaches a brand new level.  Fingerprint Technology Evergreen Countdowns are finally personalised. For real.  Do you know why countdowns on landing pages don't work as they should? Cause people don't trust them! I'm sure you've already seen an offer with a countdown that resets if you visit the same page from a different device or on a different network. Funnel countdown is the only service that assigns to each visitor a unique deadline, and this will stay the same, no matter what device or network they view your sales page from. When a countdown starts, there's no way to reset it. If you don't believe me, test our countdowns! :) Astonish-looking countdowns Make your web pages and emails masterpieces Design is the most undervalued factor to win upon your competitors. A well made, modern design creates trustworthiness and curiosity. It's been statistically proved that a poor or dated design makes people stop reading without even knowing what your offer is about. Our countdowns are the best-looking on the market. Your web pages and emails have never looked so cool.  Email countdowns Use your emails to create a sense of urgency and increase sales  Increase engagement, conversions and sales by adding animated countdowns in the email you send your subscribers! With our beautiful countdowns, you can finally capture the attention of your readers, increase drastically your click rate and push them to become customers. Synchronised everywhere Evergreen countdowns are finally REAL! Nothing’s worse than when you give people a deadline and then they’re still able to access the offer the next day. They won't trust you anymore and they'll stop being your clients. Our evergreen timers use the fingertip technology to track your readers everywhere they are, whatever device they use. There is no way to reset your countdown once it started. Low Learning Curve No need for programming skills or IT knowledge Funnel Countdown has the best User Experience between all the countdown software. You'll be able to add countdowns on your web page and emails, create floating bars, add timers on an external website without any training. And even if you need help, our support team is available 24/7. Increase Clicks and Conversions If you're not using any countdown, you're throwing money out of the window  Synchronised countdowns in web pages and emails generate an average of 300% more clicks when compared to ordinary timer-less campaigns. Our Fingerprint Technology raises conversions to your offer and discount by an average of 250%. But don't trust my words. Try this system on your own products. Integrates With Every Email Provider And Web Platform Integrates With Every Email Provider And Web Platform If You Still Have Doubts... Will the countdowns work on both tablet and mobile?  Our countdowns work on every platform and device. They’re totally responsive, so what you see on desktop will be the exact thing that you’ll see on tablet and mobile.  Can I use these countdowns in an SSL (HTTPS) page or on an e-commerce site? Our countdowns are delivered over SSL by default and won't cause any problems on secure pages. Because our countdowns are provided as an iframe the browser's same-origin policy isolates our code from your code. It's really secure.  I use different software to create my website and landing pages. Will Funnel Countdown work on all of them?  Funnel Countdown works on every platform you may use to build your web pages. Plus it works on the most famous email providers out there. Take a look at the list of email providers supported.  Do these countdowns work in all browsers?  Absolutely! Our countdowns work well even in old browsers and on lower-end smartphones with little processing power. And of course, our countdowns work great on modern computers, tablets and smartphones too.  Are the countdowns synced on every device my visitors will use?  As soon as a visitor enters your funnel, he will be assigned with a personal deadline that you chose. Since that moment, he’ll see his personal countdown wherever he is, whatever device he will use. We track IP, cookies and email address, so it’s basically impossible for anyone to reset the timer once it started.  Do I need to install a wordpress plugin or a new software?  Nope! Funnel Countdown is a standalone web based app. All you need to do is to log in to your account and start working on your countdowns and funnels. Once you’ve finished, you’ll be given a code to copy and paste in your pages and emails.  Can I really put my countdowns on every page on the web? You can choose whatever website you want, and put a floating bar on top of it with your countdown. Then we'll provide to you a new link to share. This will bring your offers to the next level! How does dynamic text work? Dynamic text is the cherry on top of your scarcity technique. If you'd publish just your countdown, visitors may think that it's another evergreen fake deadline. But when you'll show even the exact day when that promotion will expire, everything changes. Seeing is believing. Ready to skyrocket your business? Subscribe for Email Updates Add a descriptive message telling what your visitor is signing up for here. First Name* Email* Submit Marketing by JOIN THE WAITING LIST Thank you! Funnel Countdown is an online platform enabling you to quickly & easily create date-based and evergreen countdowns for web pages and emails.   info@funnelcountdown.com Blog 1-to-1 Consultation About Us Join the Waiting List FOLLOW US ON Join the Waiting List and test for FREE the Funnel Countdown Beta as soon as it will be live Subscribe for Email Updates Add a descriptive message telling what your visitor is signing up for here. First Name* Email* Submit Marketing by JOIN THE WAITING LIST Thank you! Thanks for subscribing. Share your unique referral link to get points to win prizes.. Like Tweet Share Pin Loading.. Like Tweet Share Pin
