Turmeric Life Official Website Doug English Home About DOUG     Turmeric Research     Radio Interview     The Story of TUG     About Us Start Here     Golden Paste     6 Best Turmeric Benefits     3 Basic Ingredients     Turmeric Side Effects     Turmeric FAQ For Humans     Turmeric Dosage     Drug Interactions     Turmeric Golden Paste vs. Curcumin Pills     Turmeric for Arthritis     How To Make Turmeric Capsules     Recipes For Animals     Horses     How to Feed     Greasy Heel     Turmericle     Dogs     How to Feed     Atopic Dermatitis Treatment     Yeast Spray recipe     Turmericle     Other Animals Blog Contact Us TURMERIC SHOP Suppliers     Australia     Bulgaria     Canada     Netherlands     Spain     United Kingdom     USA Home About DOUG Turmeric Research Radio Interview The Story of TUG About Us Start Here Golden Paste 6 Best Turmeric Benefits 3 Basic Ingredients Turmeric Side Effects Turmeric FAQ For Humans Turmeric Dosage Drug Interactions Turmeric Golden Paste vs. Curcumin Pills Turmeric for Arthritis How To Make Turmeric Capsules Recipes For Animals Horses How to Feed Greasy Heel Turmericle Dogs How to Feed Atopic Dermatitis Treatment Yeast Spray recipe Turmericle Other Animals Blog Contact Us TURMERIC SHOP Suppliers Australia Bulgaria Canada Netherlands Spain United Kingdom USA READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Turmeric for Arthritis Does Turmeric actually Heal? How to Feed Turmeric for Dogs Turmeric benefits for your dog Turmeric & Coconut Oil Powder Available Several Pack Sizes Turmeric FAQ New Turmeric findings Many websites talk about turmeric side effects. Please be aware that they are often referring to the side effects of consuming turmeric's main active ingredient, curcumin, in high doses. At Turmeric Life we suggest ingesting turmeric as a ‘whole’ food either via the Turmeric Golden Paste recipe OR by taking turmeric capsules that contain turmeric powder, NOT just curcumin (an extract of turmeric). At present there are no studies about the safety of using 95% curcumin extracts with animals. For this reason you will NOT find commercial capsules that contain high doses of curcumin (some over 95%) for sale via this website. Good turmeric powder contains around 3% curcumin on average, and yet this can be extremely effective when fed as recommended - READ MORE Support Dr. Doug English DONATIONS FOR RESEARCH OF TURMERIC  I am Doug English an Australian veterinarian with years of experience and have been using turmeric therapeutically in my patients for the past several years with good results. At first I was not sure about the effects vs hard drugs but soon realized that turmeric was very beneficial for many inflammatory and degenerative processes in animals, and not just mammals because I saw good results in reptiles and birds. Many clients were skeptical and so I started a Facebook Group called Turmeric User Group to collate data  on how turmeric was being used and told everybody with an animal that I prescribed turmeric for, to please give back anecdotal evidence as to the effects: both good or bad. Now  I had hoped to get several hundred anecdotes to give credibility,  but the group has grown to an extent far beyond my expectations and currently the member numbers are pushing 180,000 all over the world with numerous daily positive anecdotes in all species, including humans. Read More Visit Our Turmeric Shop Comments are closed. TU*GO – TURMERIC POWER BARS Golden Turmeric Blend Categories Animals Cats Dogs Dougie Getting Started Home Page Horses Humans Latest News Other Animals Recipes Stories Recent Posts All About Black Peppercorns Turmeric for Horses – Everything you need to know How to take Turmeric? How Turmeric may help Thyroid Problems in Dogs Can Turmeric treat Cancer? Copyright© TurmericLife and contributors, 2015-2016 You may not reproduce or communicate any of the content on this website, including files, photos, blog posts, and documents downloadable from this website, without the permission of the copyright owner. Brief quotations may be used, with proper attribution. You are welcome to download files in our files/document section for your individual use and education. We also welcome your linking to our website in order to share information. Please do not copy information/files/documents without attribution and direct links to Turmericlife.com.au to your own website or business page. We may change these terms of use from time to time. Please check with page administrator before re-using any content from this website. We are not responsible for the content of external links, nor for infringement of copyrights in content of comments. If any images posted here are in violation of copyright law, please contact us (http://turmericlife.com.au/contact-us-turmeric-life/)  and we will gladly remove the offending images immediately upon receipt of valid proof of copyright infringement. DISCLAIMER* Turmeric Life advocates the use of Turmeric for humans and animals we must stress that if you or your animals are on any medication, or suffering from any acute illnesses or conditions, you MUST check with your medical practitioner prior to embarking upon a course of Turmeric. Turmeric Life accept no responsibility for any contraindications that arise from not obtaining this clearance before you take Turmeric
