Both Sides of the Table Both Sides of the Table Perspectives of a 2x entrepreneur turned VC at @UpfrontVC, the largest and most active early-stage fund in Southern California. Snapchat: msuster Entrepreneurship Upfront Startup Lessons Venture Capital Upfront Ventures FollowFollowing Latest Finding My Tribe — The Upside of the Downcast Year Finding My Tribe — The Upside of the Downcast Year It’s been a tough year globally. Many feel the division in our families and societies. It has been heart-breaking to see progress reversed… Mark Suster Aug 16 11 Quick Tips to Get More Value out of Your Board 11 Quick Tips to Get More Value out of Your Board Many board meetings are bored meetings. Management teams whisk through slides trying to get through a presentation to share how great… Mark Suster Aug 15 What Do Boards Actually Do? What Do Boards Actually Do? There’s a lot of mystique about what happens at board meetings and a lot of imagined board-room drama. I read commentary or Twitter or… Mark Suster Aug 14 What Does it Mean to be American? What Does it Mean to be American? What Does it Mean to be American? Mark Suster Jul 17 Get my posts in your inbox Subscribe I Only Have 7 Trips Left. On Managing Work / Life Balance, Love & Family I Only Have 7 Trips Left. On Managing Work / Life Balance, Love & Family Like many people these days, I spent much of my 20’s and early 30’s thinking about work & fun and not too much about “the future.” Like… Mark Suster Jul 16 Details of Upfront Ventures New $400 Million Fund Details of Upfront Ventures New $400 Million Fund I am so proud and humbled to be able to formally announce that Upfront Ventures has raised its 6th venture capital fund in the past 21… Mark Suster Jun 29 One Simple Way You Can Make an Actual Difference in Somebody’s Life One Simple Way You Can Make an Actual Difference in Somebody’s Life We’re all bombarded with social media campaigns asking for us to Tweet, share, like, change our badge, use a hashtag or generally show… Mark Suster Jun 25 Watch every video from Upfront Summit Go Now What is the Right Burn Rate for your Startup? What is the Right Burn Rate for your Startup? One of the hardest decisions entrepreneurs make when they start a company and raise outside capital is figuring out what an acceptable… Mark Suster Jun 19 Should Startups Care About Profitability? Should Startups Care About Profitability? There are certain topics that even some of the smartest people I talk with who aren’t startup oriented can’t fully grok. One of them is… Mark Suster Jun 17 Why You Shouldn’t Be Fooled by Your Own Expertise Why You Shouldn’t Be Fooled by Your Own Expertise I am wired to discount people who have total assuredness in their point-of-view, have dogmatic positions or use data as a crutch or… Mark Suster May 21 About Both Sides of the TableLatest StoriesArchiveAbout MediumTermsPrivacy
