Abiding TV - Christian Online TV For Spiritual Growth
 About Us _Our Core Value _Mobile App _The Team Advertise Card Rates Giving _One Time Giving _Monthly Donations _Clothes The Poor _Support The Studio AbidingTV Initiatives _Feed The Poor _Scholarship Contact Facebook Twitter Abiding TV - Christian Online TV For Spiritual Growth Live Broadcast _Amazing Facts _Love World USA _Sid Roth's _TCT Network Devotionals -mbig/Daily Devotionals On-Demand -mtab/Featured Sermons,Sermons,Christian Films Special Events -mbig/Special Events Songs -mbig/Gospel Music Features -mtab/Bible Quiz,Biblical Stories,Biblical Jokes,Biblical Case Studies E-Magazine -mtab/Christian Homes,Dating and Marriage,Moral Stories,Motivational Videos,My Journey,Testimonies Labels Abiding TV About Us Africa AFTV - Amazing Facts Television Amir Tsarfati Andrew Wommack Apostle Anselm Apostle D. Smith Apostle Edison Nottage Apostle John Chi Apostle John Eckhardt Apostle Johnson Suleman Apostle Joseph Ziba Archbishop Duncan-Williams Archbishop Nicholas Duncan-Williams Ayo Oritsejafor Ayo Thompson B T. Bismark Banning Liebscher Benny Hinn Beth Moore Bible Quiz Biblical Jokes Biblical Stories Bill Hamon Bill Johnson Billy Graham Billye Brim Bishop Abraham Chigbundu Bishop Clive Mould Bishop D. Abioye Bishop D. Oyedepo Bishop Eddie Long Bishop Humphrey Erumakam Bishop John Francis Bishop Keith Butler Bishop M. Okonkwo Bishop Marvin Winans Bishop Noel Jones Bishop Rudolph McKissick Bishop Thomas Aremu Bishop Wale Oke Bong Saquing Brian Barcelona Brian Houston Bro Gbile Akanni Buddy Owens Carl Lentz Chad Hampton Charles Spurgeon Chetwyn Pete Chiadi Ndu Chinedum Azuh Christian Books Christian Films Christine Caine Chuck Missler Chuck Pierce Clark Whitten Clothes The Poor Contributors Creflo Dolar Daily Bible Verse Daily Devotionals Dan Mohler Daniel Kolenda Dany Gelyana Darrell Hines Dave Smith David Herzog David Ibiyeomie David Pawson David Platt David Shearin David Wilkerson David Youngren DawnCheré Wilkerson Derek Prince Derrick Haywood DeVon Franklin Diana Hagee Donna Schambach Donnie McClurkin Doug Batchelor Dr .David Jeremiah Dr Becky Enenche Dr Charles Stanley Dr Cindy Trimm Dr Daniel Olukoya Dr Jamal Bryant Dr Myles Munroe Dr Sony Edwin Dr Tony Evans Dr Yvonne Capehart Dr. Bill Street Dr. Bill Winston Dr. Caroline Leaf Dr. Charles Fowler Dr. David Jeremiah Dr. David Leavell Dr. Donald R. Hudson Dr. Dorinda Clark-Cole Dr. Jackie McCullough Dr. James Dobson Dr. Jasmin Sculark Dr. Jerry Vines Dr. Joe Jernigan Dr. Leaf Dr. Michael Brown Dr. Mike Moore Dr. Mike Murdock Dr. Myles Munroe Dr. Ralph Dartey Dr. Rick Shepherd Dr. Uma Ukpai Dr. Wanda Frazier-Parker Dr. Yomi Garnett Dr.Abel Damina Dr.Hugh Osgood Drama Dustin Sherry Dwight Thompson Ebenezer Quaye Ed Young Eddie James Eddie Long Edric Mendoza Edwin Louis Cole Erica Erica Rose Barron Erwin McManus Erwin W. Lutzer Evang. Patrick Adebayo Evangelist Cora Jakes-Coleman Evangelist Ruby Holland Farris Long Featured Sermons Feed The Poor Folu Gisanri Foreign Francis Chan Franklin Graham G E Patterson Gallery Gary Thomas George Pearsons Gloria Copeland Godman Akinlabi Gospel Music Gregory Dickow Guillermo Maldonado Havilah Cunnington Heather Lindsey Heidi Baker Holly Furtick Isi Igenegba J.D. Greear J.D. Hawk Bolden II James Grogan James Merritt Jane Hamon Jenn Johnson Jennifer Biard Jentezen Franklin Jerriann Savelle Jerry Eze Jerry Savelle Jesse Duplantis Jim Hammond Jim Lafoon Jimmy Evans Joel Osteen John Bevere John Hagee John MacArthur John Maxwell John Piper John Ramirez John Turnipseed Jon Jorgenson Jonathan Bradford Jonathan Josephs Jonathan Shuttlesworth Joseph Prince Joseph Solomon Josh Morris Josiah Silva Joyce Meyer Jr Juanita Bynum Judah Smith Judy Franklin Katherine Ruonala Keith Moore Kelly Lynnes Kenneth Copeland Kenneth Hagin Kerry Kirkwood Kim Walker Smith Kris Vallotton Larry Brey Les Brown Lisa Bevere Live Love World USA Marilyn Hickey Mark Cahill Mark Hankins Mark Hawkins Mark Moore Mark Virkler Marty Ocaya Matt Chandler Max Lucado Melissa Helser Mensa Otabil Michael Jr Michael Ramsden Mike Thompson Moral Stories Morris Cerullo Motivational Videos Mrs Margaret Idahosa Mrs Nkoyo Rapu Nene Susan Ekuvero News Ticker Nicole Reyes Olumide Emmanuel Pam Stenzel Pastor Pastor Yemi Davids Pastor (Mrs) Koku Pastor Alex Adegboye Pastor Austin Ukaiwe Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo Pastor Bobby Pastor Bolaji Idowu Pastor Charles Lawson Pastor ChiChi Bismark Pastor David Ogbueli Pastor David Winston Pastor Dugrid Adderley Pastor Dustin Stradley Pastor E.A Adeboye Pastor Ed Young Pastor Emmanuel Olajita Pastor Faith Oyedepo Pastor Femi Emmanuel Pastor Funmi Johnson Pastor Howard-John Wesley Pastor Hyacinth Aneke Pastor I. Iluyomade Pastor Ifeanyi Adefarasin Pastor J.F Odesola Pastor J.T Kalejaiye Pastor James Bamidele Sturdivant Pastor James Ford Pastor Jide Kolade Pastor Jim Bakker Pastor John Enelamah Pastor John Gray Pastor John K. Jenkins Sr Pastor Jonathan Michael Pastor Keion Henderson Pastor Keith Battle Pastor Ken Martin Pastor Kenny Folarin Pastor Kimberly Ray Pastor Kunle Omotoso Pastor Mark Driscoll Pastor Mark Jensen Pastor Mensa Otabil Pastor Micahn Carter Pastor Modele Fatoyinbo Pastor Mrs Rapu Pastor Nazamu Liberty Pastor P. Oyemade Pastor Paul Enenche Pastor Paula White Pastor Peter Alabi Pastor Ramona Moore Pastor Rick Brown Pastor Robert Breaker Pastor Robert Morris Pastor S. Adeyemi Pastor Sam Owusu Pastor Steve Banning Pastor Steve Gaines Pastor Steven Furtick Pastor Sunday Adelaja Pastor Sunday Olasoju Pastor Taiwo Odukoya Pastor Terry E. Mackey Pastor Tim Keller Pastor Tony Rapu Pastor Trevor Akindele Pastor Tunde Bakare Pastor Wale Olafisan Pastor Weyinmi Jemide Pastor Yemi Osinbajo Pastor Yemisi Ashimolowo Paul Idusogie Paul Tan-chi Paul Washer Perry Stone Peter Tan-chi Peter Tanchi Philip Cameron Pr. Pavel Goia Prayer Points Preachers Prince Elisha Osei Priscilla Shirer Prophet Emmanuel Makandiwa Prophet O.Oziegbe Prophet S. Adegbola Prophetess Mattie Nottage Propt.Jasmin Dareus Pst C. Oyakhilome Pst M.Ashimolowo Pst P. Adefarasin Pst W. Kumuyi Pst. Jide Kolade Pst. N. Adeyemi Rabbi J. Cahn Rainie Howard Rajesh Mathew Ravi Zacharias Reinhard Bonnke Rev Christina Obeng Rev George Adegboye Rev Mark Stewart Rev Tony Samson Rev. Dr. Lisa M. Weah Rev. Funke Adetuberu Rev. Gbeminiyi Eboda Rev. Jhun Cunanan Rev. Millicent Hunter Rev. Mrs F. Adejumo Rev. Ntia Rev. Olusola Ayodele Areogun Rev. R. Udoagbomen Rev. Yinka Yusuf Rich Wikerson Rich Wilkerson Rick Renner Rick Warren Ricky Sarthou Robert Henderson Rodney Howard-Browne Roy Fields RT Kendall Ruth Graham Ryan LeStrange Sarah Herold Sarah Jakes Roberts Sarah Omakwu Scholarship Sermons Shane Wal Sharon Eiland Shawn Bolz Sheryl Brady Sid Roth's Slider Special Events Stephanie Ike Sunday Burquest Sylvia Blessings T.B Joshua Tammy Sue Bakker TCT Network TD Jakes Teri Savelle Testimonies The Team Theresa Dedmon Todd White Tom Holladay Tommy Reid Toni-Brooke Brown Tony Robbins Toure Roberts Touré Roberts Tracy Harris Treena Haase Trudi Blount Updates Veron Ashe Victoria Osteen Vince Burke William Murphy Willie Robertson Zac Poonen Zack Eswine Technology Trending! [recent][newsticker] [Sermons,Featured Sermons,Daily Devotionals,Gospel Music][featured1 fade] Teachings [Featured Sermons][hot] Daily Devotionals [Daily Devotionals][fbig1] Songs [Gospel Music][slider1 autoplay] Sermons [Sermons][slider1 fade] Motivational [Motivational Videos][video] Latest Post Abiding TV About Us Africa AFTV - Amazing Facts Television Amir Tsarfati Andrew Wommack Apostle Anselm Apostle D. Smith Apostle Edison Nottage Apostle John Chi Apostle John Eckhardt Apostle Johnson Suleman Apostle Joseph Ziba Archbishop Duncan-Williams Archbishop Nicholas Duncan-Williams Ayo Oritsejafor Ayo Thompson B T. Bismark Banning Liebscher Benny Hinn Beth Moore Bible Quiz Biblical Jokes Biblical Stories Bill Hamon Bill Johnson Billy Graham Billye Brim Bishop Abraham Chigbundu Bishop Clive Mould Bishop D. Abioye Bishop D. Oyedepo Bishop Eddie Long Bishop Humphrey Erumakam Bishop John Francis Bishop Keith Butler Bishop M. Okonkwo Bishop Marvin Winans Bishop Noel Jones Bishop Rudolph McKissick Bishop Thomas Aremu Bishop Wale Oke Bong Saquing Brian Barcelona Brian Houston Bro Gbile Akanni Buddy Owens Carl Lentz Chad Hampton Charles Spurgeon Chetwyn Pete Chiadi Ndu Chinedum Azuh Christian Books Christian Films Christine Caine Chuck Missler Chuck Pierce Clark Whitten Clothes The Poor Contributors Creflo Dolar Daily Bible Verse Daily Devotionals Dan Mohler Daniel Kolenda Dany Gelyana Darrell Hines Dave Smith David Herzog David Ibiyeomie David Pawson David Platt David Shearin David Wilkerson David Youngren DawnCheré Wilkerson Derek Prince Derrick Haywood DeVon Franklin Diana Hagee Donna Schambach Donnie McClurkin Doug Batchelor Dr .David Jeremiah Dr Becky Enenche Dr Charles Stanley Dr Cindy Trimm Dr Daniel Olukoya Dr Jamal Bryant Dr Myles Munroe Dr Sony Edwin Dr Tony Evans Dr Yvonne Capehart Dr. Bill Street Dr. Bill Winston Dr. Caroline Leaf Dr. Charles Fowler Dr. David Jeremiah Dr. David Leavell Dr. Donald R. Hudson Dr. Dorinda Clark-Cole Dr. Jackie McCullough Dr. James Dobson Dr. Jasmin Sculark Dr. Jerry Vines Dr. Joe Jernigan Dr. Leaf Dr. Michael Brown Dr. Mike Moore Dr. Mike Murdock Dr. Myles Munroe Dr. Ralph Dartey Dr. Rick Shepherd Dr. Uma Ukpai Dr. Wanda Frazier-Parker Dr. Yomi Garnett Dr.Abel Damina Dr.Hugh Osgood Drama Dustin Sherry Dwight Thompson Ebenezer Quaye Ed Young Eddie James Eddie Long Edric Mendoza Edwin Louis Cole Erica Erica Rose Barron Erwin McManus Erwin W. Lutzer Evang. Patrick Adebayo Evangelist Cora Jakes-Coleman Evangelist Ruby Holland Farris Long Featured Sermons Feed The Poor Folu Gisanri Foreign Francis Chan Franklin Graham G E Patterson Gallery Gary Thomas George Pearsons Gloria Copeland Godman Akinlabi Gospel Music Gregory Dickow Guillermo Maldonado Havilah Cunnington Heather Lindsey Heidi Baker Holly Furtick Isi Igenegba J.D. Greear J.D. Hawk Bolden II James Grogan James Merritt Jane Hamon Jenn Johnson Jennifer Biard Jentezen Franklin Jerriann Savelle Jerry Eze Jerry Savelle Jesse Duplantis Jim Hammond Jim Lafoon Jimmy Evans Joel Osteen John Bevere John Hagee John MacArthur John Maxwell John Piper John Ramirez John Turnipseed Jon Jorgenson Jonathan Bradford Jonathan Josephs Jonathan Shuttlesworth Joseph Prince Joseph Solomon Josh Morris Josiah Silva Joyce Meyer Jr Juanita Bynum Judah Smith Judy Franklin Katherine Ruonala Keith Moore Kelly Lynnes Kenneth Copeland Kenneth Hagin Kerry Kirkwood Kim Walker Smith Kris Vallotton Larry Brey Les Brown Lisa Bevere Live Love World USA Marilyn Hickey Mark Cahill Mark Hankins Mark Hawkins Mark Moore Mark Virkler Marty Ocaya Matt Chandler Max Lucado Melissa Helser Mensa Otabil Michael Jr Michael Ramsden Mike Thompson Moral Stories Morris Cerullo Motivational Videos Mrs Margaret Idahosa Mrs Nkoyo Rapu Nene Susan Ekuvero News Ticker Nicole Reyes Olumide Emmanuel Pam Stenzel Pastor Pastor Yemi Davids Pastor (Mrs) Koku Pastor Alex Adegboye Pastor Austin Ukaiwe Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo Pastor Bobby Pastor Bolaji Idowu Pastor Charles Lawson Pastor ChiChi Bismark Pastor David Ogbueli Pastor David Winston Pastor Dugrid Adderley Pastor Dustin Stradley Pastor E.A Adeboye Pastor Ed Young Pastor Emmanuel Olajita Pastor Faith Oyedepo Pastor Femi Emmanuel Pastor Funmi Johnson Pastor Howard-John Wesley Pastor Hyacinth Aneke Pastor I. Iluyomade Pastor Ifeanyi Adefarasin Pastor J.F Odesola Pastor J.T Kalejaiye Pastor James Bamidele Sturdivant Pastor James Ford Pastor Jide Kolade Pastor Jim Bakker Pastor John Enelamah Pastor John Gray Pastor John K. Jenkins Sr Pastor Jonathan Michael Pastor Keion Henderson Pastor Keith Battle Pastor Ken Martin Pastor Kenny Folarin Pastor Kimberly Ray Pastor Kunle Omotoso Pastor Mark Driscoll Pastor Mark Jensen Pastor Mensa Otabil Pastor Micahn Carter Pastor Modele Fatoyinbo Pastor Mrs Rapu Pastor Nazamu Liberty Pastor P. Oyemade Pastor Paul Enenche Pastor Paula White Pastor Peter Alabi Pastor Ramona Moore Pastor Rick Brown Pastor Robert Breaker Pastor Robert Morris Pastor S. Adeyemi Pastor Sam Owusu Pastor Steve Banning Pastor Steve Gaines Pastor Steven Furtick Pastor Sunday Adelaja Pastor Sunday Olasoju Pastor Taiwo Odukoya Pastor Terry E. Mackey Pastor Tim Keller Pastor Tony Rapu Pastor Trevor Akindele Pastor Tunde Bakare Pastor Wale Olafisan Pastor Weyinmi Jemide Pastor Yemi Osinbajo Pastor Yemisi Ashimolowo Paul Idusogie Paul Tan-chi Paul Washer Perry Stone Peter Tan-chi Peter Tanchi Philip Cameron Pr. Pavel Goia Prayer Points Preachers Prince Elisha Osei Priscilla Shirer Prophet Emmanuel Makandiwa Prophet O.Oziegbe Prophet S. Adegbola Prophetess Mattie Nottage Propt.Jasmin Dareus Pst C. Oyakhilome Pst M.Ashimolowo Pst P. Adefarasin Pst W. Kumuyi Pst. Jide Kolade Pst. N. Adeyemi Rabbi J. Cahn Rainie Howard Rajesh Mathew Ravi Zacharias Reinhard Bonnke Rev Christina Obeng Rev George Adegboye Rev Mark Stewart Rev Tony Samson Rev. Dr. Lisa M. Weah Rev. Funke Adetuberu Rev. Gbeminiyi Eboda Rev. Jhun Cunanan Rev. Millicent Hunter Rev. Mrs F. Adejumo Rev. Ntia Rev. Olusola Ayodele Areogun Rev. R. Udoagbomen Rev. Yinka Yusuf Rich Wikerson Rich Wilkerson Rick Renner Rick Warren Ricky Sarthou Robert Henderson Rodney Howard-Browne Roy Fields RT Kendall Ruth Graham Ryan LeStrange Sarah Herold Sarah Jakes Roberts Sarah Omakwu Scholarship Sermons Shane Wal Sharon Eiland Shawn Bolz Sheryl Brady Sid Roth's Slider Special Events Stephanie Ike Sunday Burquest Sylvia Blessings T.B Joshua Tammy Sue Bakker TCT Network TD Jakes Teri Savelle Testimonies The Team Theresa Dedmon Todd White Tom Holladay Tommy Reid Toni-Brooke Brown Tony Robbins Toure Roberts Touré Roberts Tracy Harris Treena Haase Trudi Blount Updates Veron Ashe Victoria Osteen Vince Burke William Murphy Willie Robertson Zac Poonen Zack Eswine Twitter Facebook So Will I - Hillsong UNITED AH Admin 13:11 Gospel Music Watch the acoustic performance, hear the story behind the song, and learn how to play 'So Will I (100 Billion X)' from Hillsong United. Twitter Facebook The Pursuit of Greatness by Erwin McManus AH Admin 13:10 Erwin McManus , Featured Sermons Ambition and faith are two words that are often considered juxtaposed in the Christian community. We're never discouraged to love too hard, or to forgive too much. But, for one reason or another, being too ambitious can carry a negative connotation. There's this narrative that being ambitious, or having the desire to be great, is something that contradicts the blueprint that Jesus established for our lives. The contrary is true. Jesus was the most ambitious man that ever walked the earth. He came to earth to save a humanity that, in many ways, didn't even want to be saved. This models exactly how we are to channel our ambition, in a selfless manner that places emphasis on serving others. Jesus instructs us that in order to live a life of greatness, we must first recognize the sacrifice it entails. In or order to be great according to kingdom standards, we must first serve others. Twitter Facebook Come Up Here by Jentezen Franklin AH Admin 13:10 Featured Sermons , Jentezen Franklin Come Up Here by Jentezen Franklin Twitter Facebook Healing the Orphaned Spirit by Bill Johnson AH Admin 13:09 Bill Johnson , Featured Sermons Bill Johnson - Healing the Orphaned Spirit (AWESOME TEACHING) Twitter Facebook Engaging Hope in Seasons of Disappointment by Melissa Helser AH Admin 13:09 Featured Sermons , Melissa Helser Engaging Hope in Seasons of Disappointment by Melissa Helser Twitter Facebook Pure Sex by Pastor John Gray AH Admin 13:08 Featured Sermons , Pastor John Gray Our culture is so sexualized that maintaining a life of sexual purity seems like having to walk through a minefield. Often we forget in the midst of all the abuse, misuse, myths, confusion and fear that God actually created it as something beautiful. Yet God has provided the best book on sex ever written – the Bible, to help us navigate a God-rated life in the midst of a R-rated world. Twitter Facebook The Lord of Heaven's Armies by Tammy Lang Jensen AH Admin 13:03 Daily Devotionals The Lord of Heaven's Armies says, return from your wicked ways unto him. He is calling you forward, he is calling you home. The God of heaven's armies takes great delight in His people, he loves them with an unending love. However, he is also calling for obedience in this hour. He needs your help, can he count on you. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord: and he delighteth in His Way, (Psalm 37:23). The keyword here is ordered. God has put out orders, declarations, and decrees about your life. But you have to be obedient and walk in them. God is not rude and presumptuous, he is a gentleman. Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs (1 Corinthians 13:4-5). God cast our sin as far as the east is from the west. He remembers our sin no more (Psalm 103:12). Love does not delight in evil, but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres (1 Corinthians 13:6). God never sleeps or slumbers (Psalm 121:4), he always protects you. Love never fails, but where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away (1 Corinthians 13:8). But love endures forever. If I could speak all languages of earth and angels, but didn't love others, I would only be a noisy gong or clanging cymbal (1 Corinthians 13:1). God is pretty clear, I am a jealous God, take no other gods before me. And he goes on to say, love your neighbor as yourself (Mark 12:30-31). And now these three remain: Faith, Hope and Love. But the greatest of these is Love (1 Corinthians 13:13). May you walk in love, peace, and hope today. May your strength be that of angels. And may you know that you are loved, and have the capacity to give that love away.... God bless and Amen.... Tammy Lang Jensen Twitter Facebook See Yourself Through The Word by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome AH Admin 12:58 Daily Devotionals But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord (2 Corinthians 3:18). According to the Word, you’re not the sick trying to get healed, neither are you the poor trying hard to be rich. You’re not the defeated trying to become victorious. Rather, you’re the glory of God, a victor in Christ Jesus, the perfection of divine excellence. A Christian may be diagnosed with some terrible ailments, and given up on by the doctors to die; perhaps that may even be your story, but if you could only see yourself through the Word; that sickness or disease is a mirage. You’re not the sick, weak, frail and dying person the situation or circumstances are describing. You’re whole, perfect, and sound in Christ. It brings to mind an instance with a young man who had been diagnosed with a deadly cancerous disease, and was told he had a short time to live. He was brought to one of our meetings, and as I stood before him to minister to him, the Spirit opened my eyes to see his true state, because he’s a Christian. Then I saw that there was no growth in his body, no lump, and no cancer. He was perfectly normal. “How come he’s so sick and dying?” I pondered. Right there, the Lord told me what the problem was: ignorance of the truth. John 8:32 says, “And ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free.” This is the problem with many; they don’t know the truth; they’ve believed a lie all along and have therefore lived a lie. No wonder the psalmist cried out, “They know not, neither will they understand; they walk on in darkness…I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes” (Psalm 82:5-7). A Christian isn’t supposed to be sick, let alone die of sickness and disease. In Hosea 4:6, God said, “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge….” Ignorance is, and has been, the bane of many; they just don’t know their vantage position of health, prosperity and victory in Christ. This is why you have to develop yourself in Christ and in the things of the Spirit; you have to consciously increase in revelation knowledge of the Word and live above this world. The Word of God is an instruction manual for you to live by and be thoroughly furnished and trained for the Kingdom life: the life of righteousness, perpetual health, wholeness, victory, prosperity and supreme blessings PRAYER Dear Father, I thank you for I’m metamorphosed and positioned by the Word for the higher life of glory and triumph, filled with strength, courage, faith and wisdom to do your will, and fulfil my destiny in you, in Jesus’ Name. Amen. 1 YEAR BIBLE READING PLAN: 1 Corinthians 7 Psalms 119:113-176 2 YEAR BIBLE READING PLAN: Luke 18:9-17 1 Samuel 9 FURTHER STUDY: James 1:22-25 1 Peter 2:24   Twitter Facebook Open Heavens: The Church of God I by Pastor E. A. Adeboye AH Admin 12:37 Daily Devotionals Memorise:  And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church, which is his body, the fullness of him that filleth all in all. Ephesians 1:22-23 Read: 2nd Thessalonians 1:1-12 (KJV) 1:1 Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ:   1:2 Grace unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. 1:3 We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth; 1:4 So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure: 1:5 Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer: 1:6 Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you; 1:7 And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels, 1:8 In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ: 1:9 Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power; 1:10 When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day. 1:11 Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power: 1:12 That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ. Bible in one year:  1st Chronicles 1-3, Ezekiel 28:25-29:9, Hymn: Sing hymn 14 Message: The Church is a body of saints being prepared as the Bride of Christ to be married to Him at His second coming (Ephesians 5:25-27). It is also a spiritual body of which Jesus Christ is the Head (Colossians 1:18). The Church of God is the meeting place of God and man, created as a means of uniting all people with God and with one another. The manifold wisdom of God, His mysteries, His nature, character and His attributes are revealed through His Church. Among all of God’s creatures, He did not find any of them worthy to be His dwelling place. However, He specifically designed and built His Church to be His dwelling place: a place of His rest. God cherishes His Church so much that He showers much care on her, and through her, He spreads Himself across the face of the earth. In Matthew 16:18, the Lord decreed that the gates of hell shall not prevail against His Church; consequently, the Church of God is served by the ministry of angels (Hebrews 1:14). It is the only institution on earth that angels pay attention to as a matter of duty. The angels of God dote on His Church and admire her beauty (1st Peter 1:12). It is the only institution on earth which the angels of God take interest in, and every bit of progress that the Church makes in this world brings joy to them and causes them to celebrate (Luke 15:7). If you have not given your life to Christ, you can cause the angels of God to rejoice today by accepting Jesus as your Lord and personal Saviour, thereby becoming a member of the body of Christ, which is the Church. As a member of the Church of God, you are expected to continually express your love for God in worship and practical service, which includes enduring hardness, afflictions and tribulations for the sake of God’s kingdom. Always remember that Christianity is not bread and butter alone. Despite all the good promises of God to you, Jesus, in John 16:33b, also says to you, “In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.” God’s attention if focused on His Church, and as a result, the devil can never prevail against you. However, you must learn to endure afflictions, and you must confidently confront evil. You must not be ashamed or afraid of witnessing for Jesus. Always be mindful of the fact that the Holy Spirit is in you and the angels of God are at your service wherever you go. Prayer Point Father, in Jesus’ Name, please give me the grace to endure hardship, afflictions and tribulations for the sake of Your Name. Open Heavens Daily Devotional guide was written by Pastor E.A. Adeboye, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, one of the largest evangelical Church in the world and also the President of Christ the Redeemer's Ministries. iOpenHeavens is the electronic version of the Hard Copy. The Open Heavens devotional application is available across all mobile platforms and operating systems: iOS, Android, Blackberry, Nokia, Windows Mobile and PC. Twitter Facebook No Consolation Prize by Kenneth Copeland AH Admin 12:36 Daily Devotionals But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.James 1:4 I talk a lot about faith. But there’s another force that goes along with it that’s just as important. It’s patience—the ability to stand fast on the Word of God even when your victory seems slow in coming. Patience is not automatic. It won’t go to work unless you let it go to work. So many people don’t understand that. They somehow think faith and patience will go to work for them without their help. They just let the devil tear their lives apart and then they say silly things like, “Well, I guess God sent that trial to strengthen my faith.” Don’t you ever get caught saying that! In the first place, James says, “Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God...” (James 1:13). And in the second place, that trial isn’t going to make your faith stronger. In fact, it’ll destroy it if you’ll let it. If I were to give you a set of weights, would that set of weights make you any stronger? No. As a matter of fact, if you dropped one of them on your foot, you could end up painfully weaker. It’s what you do with them that counts, right? Well, the same thing is true when you run into some kind of trying circumstance the devil’s brought your way. If you just lie down and let it run over you, it will damage you. But if you’ll let patience have her perfect work, if you’ll remain consistently constant, trusting in and relying confidently on the Word of God, you’ll end up perfect and entire, wanting nothing. “Wanting nothing.” That phrase alone should convince you that patience is no consolation prize. It’s a first-rate power that will put the promises of God within your reach. It’s a force that will make a winner out of you. Scripture Reading: Genesis 26:15-22 Twitter Facebook God Provides By Billy Graham AH Admin 12:36 Daily Devotionals For we know that when this tent we live in now is taken down-when we die and leave these bodies-we will have wonderful new bodies in heaven, homes that will be ours forevermore, made for us by God himself, and not by human hands.—2 Corinthians 5:1 (TLB) Death, to the Christian, is the exchanging of a tent for a building. Here we are as pilgrims or gypsies, living in a frail, flimsy home; subject to disease, pain, and peril. But at death we exchange this crumbling, disintegrating tent for a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. The wandering wayfarer comes into his own at death and is given the title to a mansion which will never deteriorate nor crumble. Do you think that God, who has provided so amply for living, has made no provision for dying? The Bible says we are strangers in a foreign land. This world is not our home; our citizenship is in heaven. When a Christian dies, he goes into the presence of Christ. He goes to Heaven to spend eternity with God. Is Heaven real? Read and share. Prayer for the day Dear Lord, today keep me mindful that as Your child my real home is not on this earth, but that one day I will exchange this tent for a house made by You in heaven. Twitter Facebook You Are Valuable, No Matter Who You Are by Rick Warren AH Admin 03:44 Daily Devotionals “The Lord does not look at the things people look at. People look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart” (1 Samuel 16:7b NIV). We must always protect the sanctity of life, because human life reveals God’s purpose and shows God’s glory. You are valuable, no matter who you are or where you’re from. And the same is true for every child — no matter what society tries to tell you today. None of us are perfect, but the Bible tells us that God accepts responsibility for all our genetic defects. Did you know that? It doesn’t include the problems in our lives that we brought on ourselves because of poor choices like overeating or smoking or drinking too much. But all the genetic weaknesses that you didn’t have any say in are all part of your SHAPE. The Bible says in 1 Samuel 16:7b, “The Lord does not look at the things people look at. People look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart” (NIV). God accepts responsibility because he has a bigger perspective than any human. He can see what we can’t see. And he loves each of us for our potential to do the great things he has planned for us, regardless of our handicaps. God isn’t going to compare you with anybody else. He made you to be you. You are his masterpiece. He’s going to help you reach your unique potential. PLAY today’s audio teaching from Pastor Rick >> Talk It Over To whom have you been comparing yourself? What is it about that person that makes you think he or she is better than you are or that God loves him or her more? Is it enough for you to know that God considers your life sacred? Why or why not? Older Posts Events [Special Events][hot] Preachers [Preachers][gallery2] Stories [Moral Stories][gallery2] Quiz [Bible Quiz][gallery1] 15 Minutes Sermons : $31.00 USD - weekly 30 Minutes Sermons : $50.00 USD - weekly 60 Minutes Sermons : $74.00 USD - weekly Preachers Of God Sermons Gospel Music Biblical Stories Moral Stories TD Jakes Joyce Meyer Dr Charles Stanley Derek Prince Joel Osteen Pastor E.A Adeboye Jerry Savelle Dr Tony Evans Pst C. Oyakhilome Motivational Videos Pastor S. Adeyemi Pst M.Ashimolowo Creflo Dolar Dr. Bill Winston Dr Daniel Olukoya Joseph Prince Dr Sony Edwin Kenneth Copeland Teri Savelle Pastor Steven Furtick Rev. Mrs F. Adejumo Bishop D. Oyedepo Dr Cindy Trimm Pastor John K. Jenkins Sr B T. Bismark Benny Hinn Pst W. Kumuyi Dr. Mike Murdock Pastor P. Oyemade Pastor Paula White Dr. Jasmin Sculark Franklin Graham Jesse Duplantis Bishop M. Okonkwo Bong Saquing Bro Gbile Akanni Victoria Osteen Bishop D. Abioye John Bevere John Hagee Pastor Sam Owusu Rick Warren Andrew Wommack Bishop Noel Jones David Ibiyeomie Sarah Jakes Roberts Francis Chan Lisa Bevere Bible Quiz Christine Caine Daniel Kolenda Pastor I. Iluyomade Contributors Reinhard Bonnke Rev. Ntia Apostle Joseph Ziba Beth Moore Biblical Jokes Bill Johnson Dr.Abel Damina Paul Washer Rev. R. Udoagbomen Gloria Copeland Godman Akinlabi Mark Hankins Pastor John Gray Pastor Robert Morris Pst P. Adefarasin Rev. Olusola Ayodele Areogun Touré Roberts John MacArthur Pastor Peter Alabi Peter Tanchi Pastor Steve Gaines Pastor Tunde Bakare Rev. Yinka Yusuf Billye Brim David Pawson Dr. Myles Munroe Dr. Yomi Garnett G E Patterson Jentezen Franklin Kenneth Hagin News Ticker Pastor Alex Adegboye Sylvia Blessings Billy Graham Juanita Bynum Priscilla Shirer Prophetess Mattie Nottage Rev George Adegboye Todd White Apostle Edison Nottage Bishop Rudolph McKissick Foreign Jerriann Savelle Pastor Mensa Otabil Pastor Taiwo Odukoya Pastor Tony Rapu Sarah Omakwu Shawn Bolz Bishop John Francis Bishop Marvin Winans Bishop Wale Oke David Shearin David Wilkerson Dr. Joe Jernigan Ebenezer Quaye Gregory Dickow Joseph Solomon Max Lucado Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo Pastor J.T Kalejaiye Pastor Paul Enenche Pastor Robert Breaker Perry Stone Rick Renner Banning Liebscher Chinedum Azuh Chuck Missler Clark Whitten Dan Mohler Dr Jamal Bryant Heidi Baker James Merritt Jim Hammond Jon Jorgenson Judy Franklin Katherine Ruonala Keith Moore Mark Moore Mike Thompson Pastor Keion Henderson Pst. N. Adeyemi Sheryl Brady Apostle Anselm Archbishop Duncan-Williams Brian Houston Buddy Owens Charles Spurgeon Dany Gelyana David Platt David Youngren Dr Becky Enenche Dr. Caroline Leaf Dr. David Jeremiah Dr. Uma Ukpai Dwight Thompson Edric Mendoza Erica Rose Barron Havilah Cunnington Holly Furtick J.D. Greear Jimmy Evans Josh Morris Melissa Helser Mensa Otabil Pam Stenzel Pastor Ed Young Pastor Wale Olafisan Rabbi J. Cahn Rainie Howard Ricky Sarthou Amir Tsarfati Apostle John Chi Bishop Clive Mould Carl Lentz Chad Hampton Chetwyn Pete Chuck Pierce Derrick Haywood Dr Yvonne Capehart Dr. Charles Fowler Dr. Donald R. Hudson Dr. Michael Brown Dr. Mike Moore Drama Dustin Sherry Evangelist Cora Jakes-Coleman Evangelist Ruby Holland Folu Gisanri Jennifer Biard Jonathan Bradford Jonathan Josephs Les Brown Michael Jr Michael Ramsden Nicole Reyes Pastor Yemi Davids Pastor Charles Lawson Pastor Femi Emmanuel Pastor Howard-John Wesley Pastor Hyacinth Aneke Pastor James Ford Pastor Nazamu Liberty Pastor Rick Brown Pastor Steve Banning Peter Tan-chi Propt.Jasmin Dareus Rajesh Mathew Ravi Zacharias Rev Christina Obeng Rodney Howard-Browne Sharon Eiland Sunday Burquest Apostle John Eckhardt Archbishop Nicholas Duncan-Williams Bishop Abraham Chigbundu Bishop Eddie Long Bishop Humphrey Erumakam Bishop Keith Butler DawnCheré Wilkerson Dr .David Jeremiah Dr. Bill Street Dr. Jackie McCullough Dr. Wanda Frazier-Parker Dr.Hugh Osgood George Pearsons Guillermo Maldonado Heather Lindsey Isi Igenegba J.D. Hawk Bolden II James Grogan Jane Hamon Jenn Johnson Jonathan Shuttlesworth Mark Hawkins Mrs Margaret Idahosa Pastor Funmi Johnson Pastor Ifeanyi Adefarasin Pastor Modele Fatoyinbo Pastor Mrs Rapu Pastor Ramona Moore Pastor Sunday Adelaja Pastor Sunday Olasoju Pastor Terry E. Mackey Pastor Tim Keller Pastor Trevor Akindele Pastor Weyinmi Jemide Rev. Dr. Lisa M. Weah Rev. Funke Adetuberu Tammy Sue Bakker Theresa Dedmon Toni-Brooke Brown Update Alerts Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Christian TV facebook [12.1k] {Like} twitter [65k] {Followers} youtube [8.2k] {Subcriber} linkedin [2.56k] {Followers} instagram [7.8 ]{Followers} google-plus [250k] {Followers} Populars My Love and Protection by Tammy Lang Jensen I want my children to start imagining that they are circled round about. Encapsulated in My love and protection. Where they walk, they n... Guy Penrod - Amazing Love/Word Of God Speak I'm forgiven because You were forsaken, I'm accepted You were condemned. I am alive an well Your Spirit is within me Beca... Waiting by Joel Osteen "…Faith without works is dead" (James 2:20, NKJV) TODAY'S WORD: Are you waiting for God to do something in your life? ... The Abundance of My House by Deborah Waldron Fry Beloved. Come and feast on the abundance of My House. Drink from the River of My Delights.  Everyday, I prepare a table of provision ... Be Ready to Be Interrupted by Joyce Meyer I am the Good Shepherd. The Good Shepherd risks and lays down His [own] life for the sheep. - John 10:11 The more I study the men and... The Statler Brothers - Peace In The Valley Statler Brothers  great gospel music.  Thank you Elisvado. God bless you and your family﻿ Jesus Culture - Love That Saves ft. Ruthie Ridley No one, no one but Jesus There is one love One love that saves us  Pray Perfect Prayers In The Spirit by Joseph Prince Romans 8:27 Now He who searches the hearts knows what the mind of the Spirit is, because He makes intercession for the saints according... Nothing Missing by Dr Mensa Otabil The Toughness and Self-Discipline by John Hagee Malachi 4:6 - And he will turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to their fathers, lest I come a... Comments recentcomment Archive ▼  2017 (4314) ▼  August (420) So Will I - Hillsong UNITED The Pursuit of Greatness by Erwin McManus Come Up Here by Jentezen Franklin Healing the Orphaned Spirit by Bill Johnson Engaging Hope in Seasons of Disappointment by Meli... Pure Sex by Pastor John Gray The Lord of Heaven's Armies by Tammy Lang Jensen See Yourself Through The Word by Pastor Chris Oyak... Open Heavens: The Church of God I by Pastor E. A.... No Consolation Prize by Kenneth Copeland God Provides By Billy Graham You Are Valuable, No Matter Who You Are by Rick Wa... Your Appointed Time by Joel Osteen The Best Relationship You Can Have by Joyce Meyer... Love Begins With You by John Hagee The Consequences of Jealousy Dr. Charles Stanley Watch What Jesus Does by Joseph Prince Your Adversary is A Defeated Foe by Jerry Savelle The Lord of Peace by Deborah Waldron Fry Paul K - Seteng Sediba A Battle Plan For Prayer by Priscilla Shirer Double Blessing by Joyce Meyer Newness Of Life by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome Gentleness Witnesses To Unbelievers by Rick Warren... Pressure Points by Pastor Steven Furtick Strength Within Struggle - X Marks the Spot A Season by Tammy Lang Jensen Habitation Of Blessings by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome... Open Heavens: The Temple of the Holy Spirit by Pas... Hell Can't Put Out the Light by Kenneth Copeland What Heaven Will Be Like By Billy Graham Two Steps to Handle Temptation by Rick Warren Life With God Is Easy And Light by Joseph Prince The Source of Jealousy by Dr. Charles Stanley In an Instant by Joel Osteen Love Gives and Lust Takes by John Hagee Reminders by Joyce Meyer God's Promise by Jerry Savelle My Own Possession by Deborah Waldron Fry The Day Before The Overflow by Pastor John Gray There Is No Recovery Without Prayer by Rick Warren... How to Rebuild A Broken Relationship by Tony Robbi... The Winning Hand by Pastor Steven Furtick Jesus Culture - Love That Saves ft. Ruthie Ridley Outward Appearance by Tammy Lang Jensen Three Kinds of Pleasure By Billy Graham When Someone Does You Wrong by Kenneth Copeland Open Heavens: The Great Virtue by Pastor E. A. Ade... Give Him Rapt Attention by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome... When Temptation Calls, Just Hang Up by Rick Warren... Complete Your Work by Joyce Meyer Much Better Than Before by Joseph Prince Make Preparations by Joel Osteen Staying in the Light by Dr. Charles Stanley IF God Is For You by Jerry Savelle Faithful Unto Death by John Hagee The Statler Brothers - Peace In The Valley Jesus is Real! by Todd White A Heavenly Lifestyle by Bill Johnson Don't Walk Away (Stay Committed) by Joel Osteen Nothing Missing by Dr Mensa Otabil You Must Have Quiet Time byPastor Chris Oyakhilome... Give Him Rapt Attention by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome... The Good Fight of Faith by Deborah Waldron Fry A Road Map by Tammy Lang Jensen Open Heavens: Victory Through the Blood of Jesus b... See Yourself Risen With Jesus by Gloria Copeland Be Not Anxious By Billy Graham Choose Holiness Over Happiness by Rick Warren Not Self-Confidence, God-Confidence! by Joyce Mey... Closer Than You Think by Joel Osteen What God Has Planned by John Hagee The Confession of Sin by Dr. Charles Stanley From ‘Deliverance’ To ‘No Evil Shall Touch You’ by... Don't Let The Devil Rejoice Over Your Falls by Jer... Wait on the Lord by Bong Saquing Reboot Your Relationships by Peter Tanchi Find Your Identity in Christ by Ricky Sarthou Stop Grabbing by Edric Mendoza A More Excellent Sacrifice by Bishop Marvin Winans... Intensive Worship Session with Nathaniel Bassey Unpack Your Baggage by Tammy Lang Jensen The Consciousness Of The Indwelling Christ by Past... Open Heavens: The Crown of righteousness by Pastor... Where Is Your Treasure? By Billy Graham Get Out From Under by Gloria Copeland If You Sow Generosity, You Will Reap Generosity by... Waiting by Joel Osteen The Abundance of My House by Deborah Waldron Fry Be Ready to Be Interrupted by Joyce Meyer Persistence is a Decision by John Hagee Remain Steadfast In The Faith by Joseph Prince Patience: Our Gift of Service by Dr. Charles Stanl... Stick It Out by Jerry Savelle The Wrath Of God by John Hagee The Struggle Is Over by Dr. Jackie McCullough Holiness or Hell! by Sharon Eiland The Covenant of Wealth by Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo Finding My Purpose by John Maxwell Bless Your Enemies by Joel Osteen ►  July (582) ►  June (566) ►  May (560) ►  April (547) ►  March (553) ►  February (507) ►  January (579) ►  2016 (5071) ►  December (569) ►  November (537) ►  October (556) ►  September (528) ►  August (516) ►  July (413) ►  June (369) ►  May (350) ►  April (317) ►  March (334) ►  February (270) ►  January (312) ►  2015 (1082) ►  December (232) ►  November (172) ►  October (103) ►  September (100) ►  August (113) ►  July (190) ►  June (30) ►  May (22) ►  April (29) ►  March (26) ►  February (28) ►  January (37) ►  2014 (118) ►  December (42) ►  November (23) ►  October (39) ►  September (13) ►  August (1) [Sermons][list] FBbox/https://www.facebook.com/abidingtv/ Anaytic Abiding TV - Christian Online TV For Spiritual Growth © 2017. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Distinction Communication Arinola O. Yinka {facebook#https://facebook.com/arinolaOyinka} {twitter#https://twitter.com/arinolaOyinka} {google-plus#https://plus.google.com/110825592826035799107/posts/2hLKudVJW8d} {linkedin#https://ng.linkedin.com/in/arinola-olakanmi-yinka-3016ba64E} {youtube#YOUR_SOCIAL_PROFILE_URL} {instagram#YOUR_SOCIAL_PROFILE_URL Contact Form Name Email * Message * Powered by Blogger. Javascript DisablePlease Enable Javascript To See All Widget
