IT News Africa - IT, news, Telecom news, Mobile news, Technology news, Gadgets news, analysis and reports | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Networks Unlimited Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit Company News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Healthcare Innovation Summit | 29 – 30 Aug 2017 Digital Transformation Congress | 16 Nov 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Advertise Connect with our audience KYOCERA Sponsors Upcoming Healthcare Innovation Summit Africa 2017 August 21, 2017 Cell C Board appoints new Chairman and deputy Chairman August 21, 2017 Nigerian Hacker Sentenced After $6.5 million Fraud Scheme August 21, 2017 New Faketoken Trojan targets Taxi and Ride-Sharing App Users August 21, 2017 Watch: Veeam Software’s Michael Cade Unpacks Microsoft Azure in South... August 21, 2017 Download and Stream for Free With Showmax And VAST Networks August 21, 2017 KYOCERA Sponsors Upcoming Healthcare Innovation Summit Africa 2017 Cell C Board appoints new Chairman and deputy Chairman Nigerian Hacker Sentenced After $6.5 million Fraud Scheme New Faketoken Trojan targets Taxi and Ride-Sharing App Users Watch: Veeam Software’s Michael Cade Unpacks Microsoft Azure in South Africa Download and Stream for Free With Showmax And VAST Networks Mobile and Telecoms Make Payments Over SMS With TotalSend August 18, 2017 TotalSend has announced the addition of Push Payments to its product portfolio. The launch of Push Payments, according to the firm, will see TotalSend step... POWA App Wants To Tackle Women Abuse But Will It... August 17, 2017 Airtel Nigeria Launches Unlimited Data Plans August 17, 2017 Nigeria: 9Mobile to escape full repayment of $1.2 billion debt August 16, 2017 Enterprise Huawei and partners to empower South African youths August 21, 2017 Huawei, along with their channel partners, hosted a certification award ceremony, as well as interview sessions for the Huawei Authorised Information and... South Africa Qlik Master Reseller Sponsors HISA2017 July 26, 2017 Developing AI for Business with Five Core Principles July 24, 2017 Vodacom opens NB-IoT Lab June 27, 2017 Healthcare KYOCERA Sponsors Upcoming Healthcare Innovation Summit Africa 2017 August 21, 2017 KYOCERA Document Solutions South Africa has been confirmed as a Gold Sponsor of the 3rd edition of the Healthcare Innovation Summit Africa (#HISA2017), which... Financial Services Tola Mobile to help merchants reconcile transactions in Africa August 18, 2017 Tola Mobile has announced advances in its Tola Wallet offering. Tola Wallet connects businesses to previously unbanked customers. The mobile service... Opinion Disrupt or optimise – When to choose which approach to innovation Opinion: Brendan McAravey discusses the future of SD-WAN Setting up your data center migration strategy is crucial Public-sector projects can benefit from high-speed connectivity Technology’s critical role in empowering South African women Cyber Attacks Moving to Mobile Devices Cloud Accounting: Is it the answer to provisional tax chaos? PoPI will enable better information management Software POWA App Wants To Tackle Women Abuse But Will It Work? August 17, 2017 People Opposing Women Abuse (POWA), a South African women’s right organisation, has released an app that is intended to help victims of abuse speak up... Gadgets and Gaming Life is Strange: Before the Storm Gamescom trailer revealed August 21, 2017 Life is Strange: Before the Storm is set in Arcadia Bay, three years before the events of the first game in the series. Players will take on the role of a... Top 3 Megatrends That Will Drive Digital Business August 16, 2017 • General, Lists, Top Stories The Hype Cycle for Emerging Technologies report, which is Gartner’s longest-running annual report, identified Artificial intelligence (AI) everywhere, transparently immersive experiences and digital platforms as the trends that will provide unrivalled intelligence, create profoundly new experiences and offer platforms that allow organisations to connect with new business ecosystems. AI Everywhere Artificial intelligence technologies will be [&hellip... These Are Africa’s Top 10 Internet Titans August 16, 2017 • East Africa, General, Lists, North Africa, Southern Africa, Top Stories, West Africa Internet growth and digital transformation go hand-in-hand both in Africa as well as globally. In order for a country to keep up with the digital revolution, more commonly known as the fourth industrial revolution, it needs to ensure that the majority of the population has a reliable internet connection. This revolution has seen internet growth [&hellip... The barriers and misconceptions around digital banking channels August 14, 2017 • Finance, Lists, Online & Social, Top Stories Although there has been an increase of customers using the FNB Banking App, 33% to be exact, the South African banking giants still feel that there is a clear reluctance, from people who earn less than R300 000 per annum, to take advantage of digital banking channels due to certain barriers and misconceptions. Ryan Prozesky, CEO [&hellip... Get More Social Media Likes Using These 8 Photography Apps August 1, 2017 • Lists, Online & Social, Top Stories From selfies to group photos, pictures have become an obsession to millions around the world who post theses photos on Social Media sites such as Instagram and Facebook, hoping to gain as many likes as possible. These “likes” have quickly turned into a form of validation, giving users of these platforms a higher sense of [&hellip... Top 10 Highest Paid African Presidents Listed July 22, 2017 • East Africa, Features, General, Lists, North Africa, Southern Africa, Top Stories, West Africa African heads of governments are among the highest paid in the world despite the continent’s many challenges.  Jacob Zuma, South African president is the highest paid in the continent earning $272 000 per year, he was ranked fourth in the world. Rwanda’s president, Paul Kagame is ranked tenth, earning only $85 000 per year. According [&hellip... Become Gordon Ramsey with these 10 Apps July 22, 2017 • General, Lists, Mobile and Telecoms, Online & Social, Top Stories Gone are the days when you needed pen and paper to scribble down hand-me-down recipes. You no longer need to wait for the next edition of cook books to hit the shelves either. Need recipes instantly? There’s an app for that. Whether you’re keen to amaze guests at your next dinner party with your celebrity [&hellip... Features Warning: SA Cybercrime Bill Will Endanger your Freedom! August 2, 2017 South Africans have just a few more days to air their views on the 2017 version of the Cybercrimes Bill. The Bill was designed to eradicate various cyber... Top 10 Highest Paid African Presidents Listed July 22, 2017 Mwabu tackles education crisis in South Africa July 18, 2017 Startups Ethiopia: 7 Promising Tech Startups Selected for Seedstars August 21, 2017 On August 21st 2017, seven of Ethiopia’s best seed stage startups will compete to represent the country at the Global Seedstars Summit and have the... Airbus BizLab targets aerospace startups in East Africa August 18, 2017 Hub@Goethe! invites tech startups to apply for a 6 month... August 7, 2017 Internet of Things The five phases of an IoT project Nigerian Government and Huawei partner on Smart Cities initiative The future of the Internet of Things: security is everything! AWS Customers Access New Global Cellular for IoT Devices Vodacom- Tackling Nigeria’s Healthcare Problems With IoT Data management is the centre of IoT projects Key industries need to improve security posture- Cisco Cybersecurity Report 5G will bring the Internet of Things to life Security Nigerian Hacker Sentenced After $6.5 million Fraud Scheme August 21, 2017 According to a report by Premium Times, Obinna Obioha, a Nigerian hacker, has been sentenced to 51 months in jail after being found guilty by a US court for... Online New Faketoken Trojan targets Taxi and Ride-Sharing App Users August 21, 2017 With the growth of the mobile app market and more apps requiring a user’s bank card information, cybercriminals are finding these apps attractive and... Retail Industry NIPOST Gears Up For Nigerian e-Commerce Surge Create a free mobile shopfront with Chat Find Atari Finally Reveals New Gaming Console “The Ataribox” 70% Off In Jumia Nigeria Birthday Sale 4 ways eCommerce can boost your business Samsung Remains SA’s Most Popular Phone- Report Jumia listed among MIT Top 50 Smartest Companies 2017 5 must-have ingredients for eCommerce success Education Huawei and partners to empower South African youths August 21, 2017 Huawei, along with their channel partners, hosted a certification award ceremony, as well as interview sessions for the Huawei Authorised Information and... Mining and Energy Rwanda Energy Group goes live with IFS Applications August 11, 2017 IFS, a global enterprise applications company, has announced that Rwanda Energy Group’s (REG) operating companies have gone live with IFS Applications 9 in... Search Tags Africa Airtel BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet Iot IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news   SUBMIT   Submit Press Release Latest Headlines KYOCERA Sponsors Upcoming Healthcare Innovation Summit Africa 2017 August 21, 2017 Cell C Board appoints new Chairman and deputy Chairman August 21, 2017 Nigerian Hacker Sentenced After $6.5 million Fraud Scheme August 21, 2017 New Faketoken Trojan targets Taxi and Ride-Sharing App Users August 21, 2017 Life is Strange: Before the Storm Gamescom trailer revealed August 21, 2017 Cloud Technology: Discussing data compliance and security August 21, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Healthcare Innovation Summit Africa 29 - 30 August 2017     Digital Transformation Congress | 16 Nov 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Cell C Board appoints new Chairman and deputy Chairman August 21, 2017 South African YouTube Star Caspar Lee joins UK Agency as CIO August 17, 2017 Interview- The progressive race towards connected lighting August 14, 2017 Juni Yan named BT Vice-President for Security in AMEA August 11, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Education August 10, 2017 Westcon-Comstor Southern Africa Appoints CEO August 7, 2017 Interview- “Biometrics to make payments secure and convenient” August 2, 2017 Tracy Surkont Named New TotalSend MD August 2, 2017 Cisco Appoints David Meads Vice President for MEA July 31, 2017 Cell C appoints new Chief Digital Officer July 26, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Healthcare Innovation Summit Africa > Digital Transformation Congress > IoT Forum Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader
