Mateusz Grzesiak Blog - The most effective methods of modern psychology and practical tips Business Life Contact PL PT ES DE How To Identify Your Archetypes So You Can Build A Strong Brand …even if you’ve not come across this before! To the typical stages of human life, such as child, teenager and adult, a new one needs to be added — the stage which determines professional success, in other words, the brand.… 25 Tips On How to Be Liked 25 Tips On How to Be Liked Being popular is worthwhile. When you are liked, people more often succumb to you and are more willing to admit you’re right and consent to your arguments when you want to convince them of… Learning Foreign Languages – 5 Fundamentals You Should Begin With Learning Foreign Languages – 5 Fundamentals You Should Begin With According to the certification bodies, an average of 1,200 hours is needed for learning a foreign language in order to achieve the so-called ‘language independence’ – that is, to communicate… 10 Things That People with Strong Self-Esteem Do 10 Things That People with Strong Self-Esteem Do Self-esteem is a mental state associated with the opinion about yourself. This self-image is crucial because on its basis, we select the partner, make purchasing decisions, perform certain activities – it determines the… Motivate your employees! Motivate your employees!   A manager, if you were to condense his job down to one phrase, must get results. To do this he needs to convince his team to take action—and for the team to be convinced, it needs… Sales – the Fundamental Skill of the Future Sales – the Fundamental Skill of the Future   Sales is one of the most important life skills. Without it a father can’t convince his child to do his or her homework independently. Without it a teacher won’t encourage a… 5 Types of People Who Won’t Achieve Anything in Life 5 Types of People Who Won’t Achieve Anything in Life   Achieving results is based on the same thinking mechanics in sports, as well as management, making money, and building a family—if you know how to think the right way,… How to cope with difficult emotions The research carried out by CarrerBuilder – the world leader in the field of human resources – showed that 71% of employers in USA values EQ more that IQ. Employers will choose people with emotional intelligence three times more often.… 5 character features of Polish mentality which limit our potential One day a Pole drives a car and suddenly, somebody cuts him off. The Pole thinks ‘What a moron!’ He speeds up to check it out. He drives up, looks daggers at the other driver and checks him out. ‘Indeed,… 10 motivational methods which will lift your legs in the morning for running Before you read any further I need to make sure you’re reading this article because youre interested in ways to achieve any objective you have in life? – It’s commonly accepted that most people want to be happier and more… 1 2 3 Next → Facebook 180.5KFans follow Youtube 93KSubscribers subscribe Instagram Followers follow LinkedIn 650Followers Follow https://www.facebook.com/mateuszgrzesiak The most effective methods of modern psychology and practical tips for everyone who seriously thinks about personal and professional development. Available at any place and any time. Mateusz Grzesiak: a psychologist, an international trainer of personal development. He wrote eleven bestselling books within the scope of the psychology of success, relationships and change, emotional intelligence and mindfulness. He is also the author of numerous articles published in key national magazines and the biggest Internet services. He runs the biggest social profile in Poland regarding practical psychology. The media call him the most popular coach in Poland. Business and media representatives, as well as leading entrepreneurs and thousands of persons from all over the world are among his wards. He appears on a regular basis as an expert on television and radio shows in Poland and abroad. Copyrights Mateusz Grzesiak & Starway Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. X Share this Subject: Message: Hey Buddy!, I found this information for you: "10 motivational methods which will lift your legs in the morning for running". Here is the website link: http://mateuszgrzesiak.us/10-motivational-methods-which-will-lift-your-legs-in-the-morning-for-running/. Thank you. Send
