Forts and Fairies - Love, laugh and learn Home Motherhood Family Parenting Reviews Books Toys Movies Gaming Tech Care Events Competitions Fun Stuff About Me Contact Me Reviews Winnie the Pooh, Pooh and Friends: A touch-and-feel book Combining a sensory interaction with reading was a brilliant idea, and the Pooh and Friends touch-and-feel book is no different with beautiful illustrations, engaging tactile elements and a fun story featuring our… August 21, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Competitions Win a copy of Dinosaur Roar! We recently spent time reading and reviewing the wonderful Dinosaur Munch! and Dinosaur Stomp! books. This new series is based on the classic book Dinosaur Roar! and is a great way to introduce your… August 21, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Reviews Flip Wars Flip Wars is a fun puzzle action game for the Nintendo Switch that will see you competing to flip panels over and outwit your opponents. Things can get heated, things can get… August 18, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Reviews Fitbit Alta HR As most moms will know finding the time to exercise seems almost impossible most days. When you’re busy looking after your kiddies, exercise seems to be the first thing to be pencilled… August 17, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Parenting Baby expo: level expert I remember very vividly the first baby expo hubby and I went to. I was almost 7 months pregnant so I was already waddling with swollen ankles and a bladder that demanded… August 15, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Competitions MamaMagic is back in Durbs soon! Congratulations to Twinkle Naiker for winning two tickets to the show!  MamaMagic, The Baby Expo is coming back to Durban, and if you’re pregnant, a new mom, or have a little one… August 15, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Reviews Playtown Construction Vehicle Set The Playtown series from Priddy Books has always been a big hit with my kids. This new Construction Vehicle Set is no different, my son’s eyes lit up when he first saw… August 14, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Reviews Dinosaur Munch! and Dinosaur Stomp! Dinosaurs are all the rage right now in our house. I bought a small dinosaur playset for my son and decided to try and teach the kiddies a few of their names.… August 11, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Reviews K-Way Kids Cygnet Down Jacket The K-Way Kids Cygnet Down Jacket is a great option if you’re looking for a warm jacket for your little ones. It’s lightweight, comfortable, warm and folds up inside a small bag… August 8, 2017 by Lisa Trollip no comments Competitions Win an Oh So Heavenly hamper for Women’s Day Congratulations to Chantal Els for winning this awesome hamper! Women’s Day is coming up this week on Wednesday, and I hope the men in your life will spoil you a little with… August 7, 2017 by Lisa Trollip 15 comments Older Posts About Me Hi, my name is Lisa Trollip. I’m married to my best friend and co-op buddy Wayne, and we have two beautiful children together: a bubbly, fun-loving, and adventurous little girl named Amy who is three, and a new little man named Ethan who has already stolen my heart even though he is only one year old.  Read more... Advertisement Latest Comments Lisa Trollip on Win an Oh So Heavenly hamper for Women’s Day Michell Klopper on Win an Oh So Heavenly hamper for Women’s Day Cirsten van den heuvel on Win an Oh So Heavenly hamper for Women’s Day Lisa Trollip on Bring Marvel Home competition Lisa Trollip on Bring Marvel Home competition Lisa Trollip on Win an Oh So Heavenly hamper for Women’s Day Tags barbie beautyandthebeast book capeunionmart care cars3 competition disney event fisherprice fitbit game gaming guardiansofthegalaxyvol2 johnsons johnsons gentleprotect juliadonaldson kwaykids leapfrog lego legocityundercover lisaraleigh littletikes mamamagic marvel moana movie myfairygarden nintendoswitch nivea ohsoheavenly panmacmillan penguinrandomhouse piratesofthecaribbeansalazersrevenge priddybooks primatoys review rogueone snakepass starwars tangleteezer teletubbies thomasthetrain toy transformersthelastknight Latest Posts Winnie the Pooh, Pooh and Friends: A touch-and-feel book August 21, 2017 Win a copy of Dinosaur Roar! August 21, 2017 Flip Wars August 18, 2017 Fitbit Alta HR August 17, 2017 Baby expo: level expert August 15, 2017 Instagram Slider Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Youtube © 2017 Lisa Trollip. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions. Back to top
