Jasmine Maria - Beauty + Lifestyle Blog Jasmine Maria Beauty + Lifestyle Blog Home Start Here Work with Me Contact Makeup Services Beauty Beauty Tips Hair Makeup Brushes Makeup Looks Skincare Reviews Lifestyle Monthly Goals Home Decor Holidays Gift Guides Recipes Breakfast Dessert Drinks Side Dishes Meals Blog Series Beauty Mix Behind the Blog Monthly Beauty Favs Saturday Takeover Thursday Huddle Shop My Makeup Shop My Closet LIKETOKNOW.IT Rimmel London | Stay Matte Liquid Lip Colour You guys know that I LOVE matte lipsticks. I’m just not that big of a fan of gloss. Only because some of them are … View Post Behind the Beauty: How Well Do You Know Me TAG It’s been a while since I’ve done a post like this. I always love reading posts where you get to know the blogger … View Post Beauty Must-Haves for this Summer Summer is slowly coming to an end. But before fall comes along, I had to share with you guys what beauty products I have … View Post Urban Decay Naked Heat Collection I’m going, to be honest with you, the Urban Decay Naked Heat palette was in my Ulta cart when it came out and right … View Post Contact Me Makeup Services Fashion Beauty Rimmel London | Stay Matte Liquid Lip Colour You guys know that I LOVE matte lipsticks. I’m just not that big of a fan of gloss. Only because some of them are sticky. When Rimmel London sent me a few shades of their Stay Matte Liquid Lip Colour, I was excited to see how well these were on my lips. Some matte liquid lipsticks can be over-drying on the lips, especially mine because I have dry lips as is. So that can be very uncomfortable to wear.  August 18, 2017 Leave a comment Lifestyle Behind the Beauty: How Well Do You Know … It’s been a while since I’ve done a post like this. I always love reading posts where you get to know the blogger more and thanks to Steffanie (Brighter, Darling) for tagging me in her post because now I get to answer the questions she asked me. It’s a great to know me outside of the beauty posts that I only write.  August 16, 2017 Leave a comment Beauty Beauty Must-Haves for this Summer Summer is slowly coming to an end. But before fall comes along, I had to share with you guys what beauty products I have been loving this summer. These beauty products have been my holy grail this summer. Especially if you’re someone with oily skin like myself. I’ve mentioned this before but in the summer I don’t like to wear so much makeup products because I don’t like the feeling of products layered on my skin, on a hot day.  August 15, 2017 Leave a comment Beauty Urban Decay Naked Heat Collection I’m going, to be honest with you, the Urban Decay Naked Heat palette was in my Ulta cart when it came out and right before I purchased it, I received this in my mailbox. I was NOT expecting Urban Decay to send me a PR package of their Naked Heat Collection. I literally screamed like a little girl when I opened the package. Of course, I had to play around with this palette for a while before sharing my input on this palette because there have been SO MANY mixed reviews out there but I wanted to share my opinion.  August 10, 2017 Leave a comment Beauty PUR Cosmetics – Soiree Diaries This post has been a long time coming. I received the Soiree Diaries palette from PUR Cosmetics a few weeks ago and I was extremely in love the packaging. I mean how cute is this marble packaging with the rose gold lettering. Two of my favorite things. Besides the packaging being so pretty, so are the colors inside. I’m a huge fan of dark and warm tone shades. And that’s what this palette has.  August 8, 2017 Leave a comment Beauty Ways I Take A Moment For Me As a mom and full-time blogger, things can get hectic throughout the day. Especially during the times, my kids are in school. I’ve talked about how important it is for me (or any parent) to spend time for themselves before. It’s seriously the best way to recharge, unwind, and keep your sanity. I love sharing with you ways how I do me time as a mom because there are so many things you can do but the following are my favorite ways to have a moment for me.  August 6, 2017 Leave a comment Lifestyle Red Lobster Crabfest- Our Favorite Date Night Spot This shop has been compensated by Collective Bias, Inc. and its advertiser. All opinions are mine alone. The following content is intended for readers who are 21 or older. #Crabfest #CrabfestSummer #CollectiveBias Ever since Brian met me, he knew that I love seafood. I’m half Ecuadorian so seafood was given to us growing up and we actually enjoyed eating. Surprising right? When Brian and I went on our first date I remember telling him how much I like to go to Red Lobster because they have the best seafood and their cheddar bay biscuits are BOMB. Throughout the summer we definitely like to take advantage of any specials Red Lobster has and this year we went during Crabfest.  August 3, 2017 Leave a comment Lifestyle Rylan’s Birth Story at SSM Health St. … This is a sponsored conversation written by me on behalf of SSM Health St. Mary’s. The opinions and text are all mine.   &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img height=”1″ width=”1″ style=”display:none” src=”https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1396731883743283&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ev=PageView&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;noscript=1″ /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; We are going to be throwing it back to 9 years ago. I remember taking the pregnancy test on Memorial Day and anxiously waiting to find out if we were expecting. When we saw that test turn “positive” my heart dropped. I got pregnant at a very young age (at least for me it felt like it was young). At the time my boy’s dad (my ex-husband) and I had no idea what we were getting ourselves into. Being 19 and pregnant, we were still living at our parent’s house. I remember telling my mom I was pregnant and she told me immediately to schedule an appointment at my clinic to make sure I was pregnant. August 2, 2017 Leave a comment Older Posts 1 2 3 4 5 6 … 57 Older Posts Welcome I’m Jasmine I'm a mom of boys, girlfriend, beauty + lifestyle blogger and of course self taught makeup artist. Welcome to my blog. You'll find beauty reviews, tips, lifestyle tips, some blogging tips and recipes. Search Popular Posts Pixi Beauty Collaboration with It’s Judy Time Pixi Beauty + Aspynovard Rimmel London | Stay Matte Liquid Lip Colour Go To Favorite Blushes March Goals Member Of Let’s Shop Disclaimer Jasmine Maria is a profit blog. Any company that I collaborate with is chosen by me because they fit the overall mission and readership of my blog. Some posts may contain affiliate links and any tiny commission made from them goes to keeping this blog running. All images and content are property of Jasmine unless otherwise stated. You may not use my images or content without express written permission. Click here to the read the disclosures & disclaimers Archives Archives Select Month August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 January 2014 CategoriesCategories Select Category Beauty Beauty Mix Beauty Tips Behind the Blog Blog Series Blogging Blogging Tips Book Reviews Breakfast Brushes Bucket List Dessert Drinks Fashion Gift Guides Giveaways Go To: Guest Post Hair Products Holidays Home Decor Lifestyle Makeup Makeup Looks Meals Monday Coffee Talk Monthly Beauty Favs Monthly Goals Recipes Reviews Saturday Takeover Show Your Blog Love Side Dishes Skincare Sponsor Spotlight Sponsored Subscription Boxes Thursday Huddle Uncategorized YouTube Videos Search Social Twitter | 3294 Facebook | 2126 Instagram | 16134 Pinterest | 3405 Bloglovin | 802 © 2015-2017 JASMINE MARIA Theme Created by pipdig
