Rethinking What Can Be Done in Physical Education About Blog Resources #PEChat The #PhysEd Podcast Skill Posters Recommendations Standards-Based Games Visual Resources Shop Speaking Contact Your browser does not support the video tag. I suggest you upgrade your browser. Rethinking What Can Be Done In Physical Education. Join the Newsletter #PhysEd Resources ThePhysicalEducator.com is an online professional development resource for Physical Education Teachers and Health Specialists. Our mission is to help you become the best Physical Education Teacher you can be. Skill Posters Enhanced with technology, our skill posters will help your students visualize various skills, discover each skill’s critical elements and engage in deliberate practice. See More Purposeful Games Our games and activities are designed to help your students master grade-level outcomes and develop their physical literacy! See More #PhysEd Visuals We’ve create a series of beautiful, educational visuals for your gym to help you build a culture of learning in physical education! See More Twitter #PECHAT The premier Twitter chat for physical educators, #pechat is a bi-monthly chat that is free to join and moderated by leaders within the #physed community!See More Innovative Blog Our blog is where we share our most innovative ideas for physical education in order to help you take your teaching to the next level!See More Online Shop We are proud to provide you with high quality, premium resources for your teaching. From graphics to assessment tools, our shop will get you fired up!See More 266 FREE RESOURCES 31k Connected Professionals 55 CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS Recent Blog Posts How I Teach: Ben Pirillo The more I teach, the more I realize how lucky I am to be a part of the #physed community. Every day, I find myself being inspired and wowed by this... Continue Reading by: Joey Feith 05 May 2017 1 Comment Plickers Assessment Magnets A few months ago, I published a video/blog post in which I shared how I use Plickers and my Assessment Magnet system in my teaching for assessment purposes. If you haven’t seen... Continue Reading by: Joey Feith 03 May 2017 9 Comments The New QR Sport Skill Posters When I relaunched ThePhysicalEducator.com back in December, there was a key element of the site that wasn’t quite ready for launch day: the QR Sport Skill Posters. Although my original intention... Continue Reading by: Joey Feith 03 May 2017 0 Comment #PhysEd Shop Premium Volleyball Passes QR Skill Posters $8.00 Add to cart Dance Showcase Teacher Pack $10.00 Add to cart Chasing & Fleeing Teacher Pack $12.00 Add to cart Premium FMS Manipulative Posters Series 1 $12.00 Add to cart About us ThePhysicalEducator.com is an online professional development resource for physical educators. Our mission is to help you become the best physical education teacher you can be. We will do this by producing high-quality resources for you to use in your teaching, by helping you connect and share with fellow teachers, and by providing engaging professional development opportunities which you can attend. Recent Posts How I Teach: Ben Pirillo May 5, 2017 Plickers Assessment Magnets May 3, 2017 The New QR Sport Skill Posters May 3, 2017 On Twitter NEWSLETTER Join our mailing list to receive news and announcementsSUBSCRIBE © 2017 ThePhysicalEducator.com All Rights Reserved | Powered by Median Social Home About Blog Cart
