Read Web Novel Online Free chuyển đổi các Navigation Home Genre Xianxia Xuanhuan Fantasy Sci-Fi Romance Wuxia Top Completed Search Martial World Xuanhuan Cocooned Cow In the Realm of the Gods, countless legends fought over a mysterious cube. However, after the battle it disappeared into the void. Lin Ming stumbles upon this mysterious cube and begins his journey to become the hero of the land. Library of Heaven's Path Xuanhuan Heng Sao Tian Ya Traversing into another world, Zhang Xuan finds himself becoming an honorable teacher.  Along with his transcension, a mysterious library appears in his mind.  As long as it is something he has seen, regardless of whether it is a human or an object, a book on its weaknesses will be automatically compiled in the library.  Thus, he becomes formidable.  "Emperor Zhuoyang, why do you detest wearing your underwear so much? As an emperor, can't you pay a little more attention to your image?"  "Fairy Linglong, you can always look for me if you find yourself unable to sleep at night. I am skilled in lullabies!"  "And you, Demon Lord Qiankun! Can you cut down on the garlic? Are you trying to kill me with that stench?"  This is an incredible story about teachers and students, grooming and guiding the greatest experts in the world! Warlock of the Magus World Sci-Fi The Plagiarist What happens when a scientist from a futuristic world reincarnates in a World of Magic and Knights? An awesome MC is what happens! A scientist’s goal is to explore the secrets of the universe, and this is exactly what Leylin sets out to do when he is reincarnated. Dark, cold and calculating, he makes use of all his resources as he sets off on his adventures to meet his goal. Face? Who needs that… Hmmm… that guy seems too powerful for me to take on now… I better keep a low profile for now. You want me to help you? Sure… but what benefit can I get out of it? Nothing? Bye. Hmmm… that guy looks like he might cause me problems in the future. Should I let him off for now and let him grow into someone that can threaten me….. Nahhh. *kill*- Alternative: Leylin is transported from an advanced technological era into a medieval world— except there’s magic. Equipped with only his quick wits and an A.I. chip fused to his soul, he sets out to become the most powerful magus the world has ever known. In a land divided into the Light and Dark Magi, the weak can either be cattle or disposable slaves. Only the strong can determine their lives, and only they have the luxury for virtue. Yet strength is only a tool for Leylin, like any other. His goal, in the end, is his own. I Shall Seal the Heavens Xianxia Er Gen What I want, the Heavens shall not lack! What I don’t want, had better not exist in the Heavens!”  This is a story which originates between the Eighth and Ninth Mountains, the world in which the strong prey upon the weak. “My Name is Meng Hao! The Ninth Generation Demon Sealer, I shall seal the Heavens!“ Everyone Else is a Returnee Fantasy Toika Left out during elementary school picnic. Left out during middle school camp. Left out during high school trip. I finally became a college student and what? I’m left out from the entire humanity? Yu IlHan who protects the earth alone while everybody’s away in other worlds. His legend starts after humanity comes back and meets the Great Cataclysm! Infinite Competitive Dungeon Society Fantasy Toika (토이카) The second moon marked the beginning of a revolutionary change.With the emergence of monsters and dungeons in modern society, and the ability users who fights against them, the world faces a shift in its paradigm. It heralds the advent of a new energy source and the decline of traditional occupations. Common sense thus becomes warped, and imagination becomes reality. Latest Updates Xuanhuan Ancient Strengthening Technique Chapter 1006 – Grade Three Shield Attack, Breakthrough, Liu-Li’s Decision (teaser) I Am Superfluous 49 mins ago Fantasy Cthulhu Gonfalon Chapter 48: Lollipop White 54 mins ago Sci-Fi Release that Witch Chapter 374: Returning Home Er Mu 54 mins ago Xuanhuan Martial God Space Chapter 405: I’m Afraid That I May Not Catch Up With You! Fu Xiao Chen 54 mins ago Sci-Fi Swallowed Star Chapter 551: Nan Shen Armament I Eat Tomatoes 2 hours ago Xuanhuan Castle of Black Iron Chapter 238: Choices Drunk Tiger 2 hours ago Fantasy Limitless Sword God Chapter 0359 Huǒ shén or Fire God 2 hours ago Xuanhuan The Good for Nothing Seventh Young Lady Chapter 147 North Night 2 hours ago Xuanhuan Library of Heaven's Path Chapter 262: Guiding Mo Yu Heng Sao Tian Ya 3 hours ago Xuanhuan Soaring of Galaxia Chapter 133: A Challenge to Li Wuji Li Tian 3 hours ago Fantasy Immortal and Martial Dual Cultivation Chapter 99 Moon like Fire 4 hours ago Romance Poison Genius Consort Chapter 258 Tiāncái xiǎo dú fēi 4 hours ago Romance The King of Hell’s Genius Pampered Wife Chapter 162 Xiang Si Zi 4 hours ago Fantasy Everyone Else is a Returnee Chapter 317 Toika 4 hours ago Fantasy World of Cultivation Chapter 708 FANG XIANG 4 hours ago Fantasy Level Up Just By Eating Chapter 46 KT 60 4 hours ago Fantasy My Entire Class Was Summoned to Another World except for Me Chapter 46 SAZANTERASU 4 hours ago Fantasy Mesmerizing Ghost Doctor Chapter 104 凤炅 4 hours ago Fantasy Death March kara Hajimaru Isekai Kyusoukyoku (WN) Volume 16 Chapter 10 AINANA Hiro 4 hours ago Xuanhuan The Avalon Of Five Elements Chapter 126: I am the Wind of the North Sea Fang Xiang 5 hours ago Popular Everyone Else is a Returnee Toika Fantasy Ongoing Warlock of the Magus World The Plagiarist Infinite Competitive Dungeon Society Toika (토이카) Martial World Cocooned Cow Library of Heaven's Path Heng Sao Tian Ya True Martial World Cocooned Cow Emperor's Domination Yan Bi Xiao Sheng MMORPG: Rebirth of the Legendary Guardian Flying Alone Sovereign of the Three Realms Li Tian I’m Really a Superstar Chang Yu New Arrivals My Father in Law is Lu Bu 大哥有枪 Romance Ongoing Kaifuku Jutsushi no Yarinaoshi ~ Sokushi Mahou to Skill Copy no Choetsu Heal Tsukiyo Rui The Legendary Master's Wife Yin Ya Chu Wang Fei Ning er Other World Assassin Life of a Man who was a Shut-in 服部正蔵 While Killing Slimes for 300 Years, I Became the MAX Level Unknowingly 森田季節 Mezametara Chikashitsu!? ~Tensei Shoujo no Yume no Saki~ そらのあお Instant Death Tsuyoshi Fujitaka Kuma Kuma Kuma Bear Kumanano The Amber Sword Fei Yan Read hot novels online at freewebnovel.com Copyright © 2017 Free Web Novel | Email: [email protected] | Date: 21st August 2017 Copyright © 2017 Free Web Novel
