2018 Dodge Durango SRT Review - AutoGuide.com News WORST Cities to Drive In Dodge Demon First Drive New Honda Accord Debuts Quiz: What's That Engine?   New Cars Used Cars Car Reviews Tips and Advice Auto Shows Auto News Forums Future Cars Video Auto Insurance Compare Cars Spy Photos Top 10 Car Loans   Email a Friend Your Name: Your Email: Email Recipient: Type what you see in the image: Incorrect please try again Enter the words above: Enter the numbers you hear: Get another CAPTCHA  Car Reviews Dodge 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Review 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Review Share Tweet Subscribe Get AutoGuide.com in your Inbox Like AutoGuide.com on Facebook 2 Email a Friend Previous ImageNext Image PreviousNext View Large By Benjamin Hunting Jul 19, 2017 In a bid to keep their rowdy populations distracted from the crushing grind of their daily lives, the ancient Romans held enormous gladiatorial circuses designed to stir the blood and fan the flames of passion in a decidedly non-revolutionary direction. FAST FACTS Engine: 6.4L V8 Output: 475 hp, 470 lb-ft of torque Transmission: 8-speed automatic US Fuel Economy (mpg): 13 city, 19 hwy, 15 combined CAN Fuel Economy (L/100 km): TBA US Price: Starts at $64,095 CAN Price: Starts at $74,290 (All pricing includes destination) With the 2018 Dodge Durango SRT, it’s clear that FCA is employing similar tactics to get in touch with the rebel lurking within the hearts of crossover-bound commuters, offering them an eminently practical three-row SUV whose ridiculously powerful V8 engine screams “ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?” in stereo from each of its twin tailpipes. While the Durango SRT’s spiritual lineage may arch back over thousands of years of history, its oily bits are a good deal more recent. The sport-utility rides on a stretched version of the same platform that underpins the very successful Jeep Grand Cherokee, which means when the SRT team came calling, it was a relatively simple matter to swap over the Grand Cherokee SRT’s drivetrain into the Durango’s welcoming chassis. ALSO SEE: 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon Review and First Drive It’s this Jeep connection that goes a long way towards explaining why Dodge has me sitting on the pit lane at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, ready to tackle an abbreviated version of the famous race venue’s infield GP course from behind the wheel of 5,500-plus pounds of people mover. I’d be nervous, had I not already experienced first-hand just how amazingly capable the Durango SRT’s Grand Cherokee sibling felt on the similarly world class Circuit of the America’s Formula One configuration several years previous. Also reassuring is the Dodge Durango SRT’s on-paper persona, as described by its spec sheet. With a 6.4-liter V8 engine churning out 475 horsepower and 470 lb-ft of torque, matched with an eight-speed automatic transmission and full-time AWD, the Durango SRT has the skills to lay down a quarter mile pass of 12.9 seconds, with a 4.4-second sprint to 60 mph wedged in there, too. More germane to my immediate situation, however, is the SUV’s upgraded suspension system, which relies primarily on its adaptive dampers linked to the vehicle’s various drive modes as well as the enormous 295/45R-20 Pirelli P-Zero tires fitted at each corner. Together with the all-wheel drive system’s ability to actively manage torque distribution, it’s these improvements that give the truck a fighting chance to slip the surly bounds of Earth and at the very least mimic the grace of a sport sedan. CHECK THIS OUT: 10 Interesting Cars the Dodge Durango SRT is Quicker Than Leaving the pits in rapid-fire succession of barks from the 2.75-inch exhaust reveals immediately that the transmission’s reprogramming has dramatically shortened shift times, with SRT claiming a 50 percent reduction in Track mode versus Auto (and a 23 percent improvement when set to Sport). In fact, the SUV’s gearbox is so adept at selecting the appropriate forward ratio that I made no attempt to correct it via the provided paddle shifters, preferring instead to concentrate on steering the bulky bruiser. It was here that I made my second surprising discovery of the day: regardless of how heftily the Durango SRT might tip the scales, it demonstrated remarkably little understeer when asked to change direction, a tribute in part to the 52/48 weight balance made possible by its longer wheelbase and third-row seat. Even braking from 105 mph (168 km/h) at the end of Indy’s ultra-long front straight was drama free thanks to the efforts of the Dodge’s massive 15-inch six-piston front and 13.8-inch four-piston rear Brembo brakes. The Dodge Durango SRT’s ability to almost casually handle the twists and turns at Indy demonstrates just how far both tire technology and chassis tuning have come over the past five years. As fast and competent as the SUV might be though, and despite SRT’s intention to erase the 200 lbs of weight difference between the Durango and the Grand Cherokee by introducing a third-row/towing package delete, there’s still more novelty than engagement on offer when lapping a road course. I’d be more likely to keep the Durango SRT as-is and use its whopping 8,700 lbs of towing capacity to cart my own car to the track than to deputize the seven-seater through the esses. The Dodge’s fantastic acceleration and passing power on the street are underscored by the surprisingly civilized nature of its daily drive. With its tow rating untouched as compared to the standard Durango, and its springs and rear swaybar only marginally stiffer than the 5.7-liter edition of the truck, the only sacrifice you’ll be making is whenever you have to fill up its undoubtedly thirsty fuel tank. Official figures place the Durango SRT at a similar-to-GC-SRT 15 mpg (15.7 L/100 km) combined. And, of course, there’s also the pain induced by the Durango SRT’s purchase price. This is a truck that starts at $63,000 ($72,495 in Canada) but is more realistically price closer to $70k once you’ve optioned it how you’d want it. This puts it head-and-shoulders above its domestic brethren when cross-shopping similarly comfortable and useful three-row rivals. Besides the performance upgrades, the only other difference is cosmetic stuff, which makes it even harder to justify that price. While nothing in its class can compare in a straight line (you’ll have to seek out AMG or Range Rover-badged fare for a true drag strip challenge to the SRT), you have to really want a muscle car-shaming behemoth to be comfortable paying premium coin for a Dodge. Jeep, with its more upscale market position, doesn’t have quite the same issue with its own hotted-up SUV. The Verdict: 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Review Then again, are there really any casual SRT buyers out there? I’d venture that the answer to that question is no. The 2018 Dodge Durango SRT was built to satisfy a pre-existing audience of high-horsepower fans seeking for a tow vehicle that can least pretend to keep up with the Hellcat already in the garage. It’s the perfect lifestyle accessory for the SRT completist, and it makes all the right noises required to intimidate the more frugal crossover parked next to you at the mall. Discuss this article on our Dodge Durango Forum LOVE IT Substantial torque and horsepower boost over the Durango R/T No impact on towing, hauling, or seating keeps SRT model practical Looks like it's constantly angry LEAVE IT Big V8 parches the throat of an already thirsty SUV Price makes it tough to compete against established premium people movers No one drives SUVs on the track Share Tweet Subscribe Get AutoGuide.com in your Inbox Like AutoGuide.com on Facebook Recommended For You moserkm Good article. I’ve been reading a ton of them since I ordered mine a few weeks ago. I wouldn’t say there is “no impact on towing” though. There is. It increased from 7k lb (and change) to 8,700 lbs. That’s a big impact and should be advertised as such. As for the negatives you mentioned, you got it right in the article that the ones looking to buy this vehicle aren’t casual buyers. We don’t care that it gets 15mpg combined and we don’t/won’t drive it on the track (although the morning commute may seem like your on a track sometimes). As for the price though, I disagree. I shopped the Yukon Denali as well before making my decision to get this SRT. This SRT can out tow it, out accelerate it, out handle it, carry almost as much inside, has more third row legroom (by a lot), and has all of the same luxury features or more with the suede headliner and Laguna leather. All of this for less money AND it’s not even in the same class! It’s a midsize! I think it’s the bargain of the century. Benjamin Hunting Good point re: towing – it would be more accurate to say ‘no negative impact’ on towing capacity. As for the Denali – I hadn’t considered that a ‘performance’ truck, but that’s an interesting comparison, too. Like us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Get AutoGuide.com News Fast Car Comparisons 2017 Mazda CX-5 vs 2017 Toyota RAV4 2017 Honda CR-V vs Toyota RAV4 There may be no more sensible choices in the midsize crossover market than the Honda CR-V and Toyota RAV4. Quick Comparison: 2017 Honda Ridgeline vs Toyota Tacoma Two small trucks, two entirely different approaches. 2017 Honda CR-V vs 2017 Subaru Forester The Forester has come a long way, but it’s still being bested by the Honda CR-V. 2017 Mazda CX-5 vs 2017 Honda CR-V Comparison Test The new CX-5 finally arrives to pit its newfound luxury against the CR-V’s winning formula. 2017 MINI Countryman vs Buick Encore Comparison Let’s just get the obvious out of the way: This is one of the most unfair comparisons ever. Top Video Pick 2018 Toyota Camry Review     CLOSE X 2018 Toyota Camry Review Jun 21, 2017 This Camry is more exciting than before, and that’s not just marketing BS. READ FULL STORY Most Fuel Efficient Compact SUVs Honda HR-V Mazda CX-3 Nissan Juke Car Buying Tools Find a Dealer near your area Free dealer Price Quote Vehicle History Report Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Faraday Future Ferrari Fiat Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Lucid Motors Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Pagani Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo New Cars Used Cars Car Reviews Auto News Auto Shows Forums   About Us Editorial Staff Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Service Advertising Info Site Map RSS © 2017 VerticalScope Inc. All rights reserved. Your browser is out of date! Update your browser for free for improved security and a modern web browsing experience: Internet Explorer, Google Chrome or Firefox x Cookie and Data Use Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on this website and so that ads you see online can be tailored to your online browsing interests. We use data about you for a number of purposes explained in the links below. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of data and cookies. Tell me more | Cookie Preferences
