Sailfish 270 WAC Review - Boat.com 5 Awesome Big Screen Displays Grady-White Freedom 215 Review Starcraft Limited 2119 RE Review     Popular Keywords: Boat Boat Reviews Boat Photos Pontoon Boat Fishing Boat Sport Boat Boats News MasterCraft XT22 Model Best New Products of iCAST: Day 3 C-MAP and Fishbrain Partner to Produce Integrated Maps: ICAST 2017 Northland Fishing Tackle Glo-Shot Spoon: ICAST 2017 Culprit Unveils Three New Bait Options: ICAST 2017 Reviews Triton 20 TrX Review Grady-White Freedom 215 Review Starcraft Limited 2119 RE Review Lund 2075 Pro Guide Review Sailfish 270 WAC Review How To 10 Best Runabouts For Under $30,000 Fun Facts About Life Jackets 10 Fuel Saving Tips For Boaters What Kind Of Steering Is Right For You? How To Get More Performance From Your Propeller Insurance Your Boat Was Expensive—Do You Really Trust a $2 Rope From the Dollar Store to Secure It? Do I Need Insurance Coverage Against Ice or Freezing Damage? What Kind Of Insurance Coverage Do I Need? What About Salvage? Boat Insurance or Yacht Insurance?   Boat Specs Get a free insurance Quote Make Like us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Get BOAT.com News Fast BOAT.com Reviews Sailfish 270 WAC Review Story by Craig Ritchie Jun. 19, 2017 Share Tweet Subscribe Get Boat.com in your Inbox Like Boat.com on Facebook Email a friend Comment A serious offshore fishing boat that also does weekend getaways While center console boats remain the darlings of anglers who fish in southern offshore waters, when you move farther north the open center console quickly gives way to walk-around designs. With their full windshields and greater occupant protection, walk-arounds appeal to boaters who are out on the water early and late in the season, when the cold northern air can make running at high speed in an open center console downright uncomfortable. Beyond their extra protection from the element, having the ability to overnight now and then in the boat’s forward cabin gives walk-arounds a special kind of appeal. The ultimate – for many anglers – is a large walk-around that’s still trailerable. This combination lets them fish a variety of waters easily, yet still manage rough water when called upon. Fast Facts Length: 26'2" Beam: 9'0" Max. Power: 500 hp Fuel Capacity: 188 gal. Rod Holders: 10 The Sailfish 270 WAC comes very close to achieving this ideal. Sailfish is well known for its premium offshore fishing boats, and that reputation was largely built on its high build quality and innovative hull deigns. The 270 WAC rides on Sailfish Boats’ exclusive Variable Degree Stepped (VDS) hull, a design that delivers a smooth, quick ride even in rough water. The unique hull design incorporates no less than three distinct running surfaces; the first, with a deep deadrise that cuts through the waves, followed by two more that provide increasing levels of lift and stability. Step aboard the Sailfish 270 WAC and the first impression is that this is a really spacious boat for a 27-footer. The cockpit includes a standard 30-gallon transom live well that’s lit for night fishing. There are rod holders everywhere – 10 of them, in fact – plus recessed rod storage in both the port and starboard gunnels. Cockpit tow rails, tackle storage center with pull-out drawers, insulated fish box with overboard drain and built-in 48 quart Igloo Ice Cube cooler also tend to catch the angler’s immediate attention. Flush-mount cleats, which won’t snag fishing lines, and marine-grade stainless steel hardware throughout speak to Sailfish’s attention to detail and long-term durability. In-gunnel rod storage in both the port and starboard gunnels, tons of tackle storage, an integrated transom live well, a fish box with overboard drainage and plenty of rod holders speak to the 270 WAC’s serious fishing credibility. That attention to detail becomes really evident in the helm, dominated by a huge dash panel capable of accepting flush-mount displays of up to 12 inches in size. The Captain is spoiled with fully digital instrumentation, a Bluetooth-capable, satellite-ready, AM/FM stereo with four speakers and remote, LED lighting and hydraulic steering with a stainless steel tilt wheel with a power knob. A fully self-draining cockpit with a raw water wash-down in the form of a pull-out transom shower help keep the boat clean, making end-of-day tidying fast and easy. The helm includes ample space for installing large flush-mount displays. Sailfish is known for its thoughtful appointments, such as the 270 WAC’s port-side passenger seat. This adaptable seat can be set for forward-facing or aft-facing use, bringing considerable versatility to this busy space. The versatile port-side passenger seat offers a variety of seating options. The versatility of the walk-around design continues as you step below decks into the cabin. There’s ample headroom – more than you might expect from a 27-foot boat – and a full stand up enclosed head with lighting and a shower. There’s a fully functional galley, complete with a butane stove, sink with fresh water and a table, plus a large v-berth for comfortable overnight stays. A well equipped galley, a full head with shower and a comfy V-berth make the forward cabin comfortable enough for weekend trips. The Sailfish 270 WAC is offered with a choice of twin 150 or twin 200 horsepower outboards from either Mercury or Yamaha. The twin Yamaha F150s put the big Sailfish on plane in five seconds flat, and achieve a top speed of 44 mph at wide-open throttle. Throttle back to a more leisurely 25 – 26 mph and around 4,000 rpm, and the boat will cruise all day while delivering fuel economy in the range of 2 mpg. The dining table removes to reveal the V-berth accommodations, which are surprisingly comfortable. Moving up to twin Yamaha F200s would most likely allow another two or three mph of top-end speed, but performance with the twin F150s is so good one has to wonder if that justifies the extra expense and weight. With either power option, the Sailfish 270 WAC is a capable and well-appointed walk-around that does a lot of things well. Anyone looking for a fully-featured offshore fishing boat that can also double as a comfortable weekend cruiser would be wise to take this for a test drive – and soon. Sailfish 270 WAC Specs Length: 26′ 2” Beam: 9′ 0” Fuel Capacity: 188 gal. Fresh water capacity: 14 gal. Approx. weight: 7,400 lbs Maximum power: 500 hp Share Tweet Subscribe Get Boat.com in your Inbox Like Boat.com on Facebook Popular Pursuit C238 Review Six Dream Boats Boston Whaler 240 Dauntless Pro Review Sailfish 270 WAC Review Featured Boats 2016 Trifecta 200 Series 220FCR MSRP: TBA 2016 Harris FloteBote Grand Mariner SL 270 DL MSRP: $54,385 2016 Crestliner Authority 2050 MSRP: $43,779 2016 Harris FloteBote Grand Mariner SL 230 DLDH MSRP: $46,722 Comments Email this article to a friendx Url http://www.boat.com/sailfish-270-wac-review Your Email Your Name Your friend's Email Email Subject Message Cancel Get the Latest Boat News, Reviews and Video in your Facebook Feed! Boat.com Already Liked Copyright © 2017 Boat. All rights reserved About us Contact Privacy Statement TOS Advertising
