Six Dream Boats - Boat.com 5 Awesome Big Screen Displays Grady-White Freedom 215 Review Starcraft Limited 2119 RE Review     Popular Keywords: Boat Boat Reviews Boat Photos Pontoon Boat Fishing Boat Sport Boat Boats News MasterCraft XT22 Model Best New Products of iCAST: Day 3 C-MAP and Fishbrain Partner to Produce Integrated Maps: ICAST 2017 Northland Fishing Tackle Glo-Shot Spoon: ICAST 2017 Culprit Unveils Three New Bait Options: ICAST 2017 Reviews Triton 20 TrX Review Grady-White Freedom 215 Review Starcraft Limited 2119 RE Review Lund 2075 Pro Guide Review Sailfish 270 WAC Review How To 10 Best Runabouts For Under $30,000 Fun Facts About Life Jackets 10 Fuel Saving Tips For Boaters What Kind Of Steering Is Right For You? How To Get More Performance From Your Propeller Insurance Your Boat Was Expensive—Do You Really Trust a $2 Rope From the Dollar Store to Secure It? Do I Need Insurance Coverage Against Ice or Freezing Damage? What Kind Of Insurance Coverage Do I Need? What About Salvage? Boat Insurance or Yacht Insurance?   Boat Specs Get a free insurance Quote Make Like us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Get BOAT.com News Fast BOAT.com Six Dream Boats Story by Craig Ritchie Jul. 05, 2017 Share Tweet Subscribe Get Boat.com in your Inbox Like Boat.com on Facebook Email a friend Comment Dream yachts for the boater who wants it all Your lottery numbers finally come through? Inherit a fortune from a distant relative? If you’ve got money to burn and time to spend it enjoying the water, these dream machines may be just for you. Regal 53 Sport Coupe Regal 53 Sport Coupe Where do you start? A massive outdoor cockpit with patio seating, a gorgeous interior lounge under a huge sunroof, multiple staterooms for your guests, a full-width master suite with a queen bed – this yacht even has a central vacuum, a full-size refrigerator and a full home theater. Really want to live large? Add the optional dishwasher, washer/dryer, and 50-inch cockpit TV that raises and lowers on an electric base. Sea Ray L590 Fly Sea Ray L590 Fly Enjoy the great outdoors in air conditioned comfort while you catch the big game on the 50-inch LED flat screen TV with surround sound and Blue-ray. There’s a matching 40-inch screen in the master suite, of course, plus a full galley (with a freezer) to handle everything from gourmet meals to midnight snacks. Prestige 550 Fly Prestige 550 Fly The aft galley is impressive with its massive L-shaped countertop and island, but it’s only the start of the eye-popping features found in this boat. Step below to find a full-width master suite with ensuite amidships, a VIP guest suite in the bow, and a second suite with twin beds to port. With its twin Cummins 8.3L diesels turning Zeus pod drives, the Prestige 550 Fly offers a top speed of 30 knots. A washer/dryer and central vacuum system make clean-ups a breeze. Galeon 510 Galeon 510 Plenty of dream boats have giant swim platforms, and some of them can even be raised or lowered so you can adjust it as you wish. The Galeon 510 takes that idea even further with aft gunnels that lower down and outward, extending the cockpit with huge side balconies for unsurpassed all-around views. The port-side balcony includes a built-in bar, while the transom bench seat rests on a turntable base, allowing it to be rotated 360 degrees so you can enjoy the view from any direction. The transom seat also lifts, providing access to a garage for your dinghy below. Elandra 53 Elandra 53 If you’re a fan of massive panoramic hull windows and luxurious accommodations, the Elandra 53 is just for you. This yacht features a queen-sized bed, day lounge, apartment-style wardrobe and private ensuite with privacy toilet and double basin vanity, and that’s just in the master suite. There’s also a dinghy garage and a huge amount of storage space for toys like fishing tackle, dive compressors and bottles, or even a couple of freezers. With its wide beam, the Elandra 53 can achieve a top speed of almost 35 knots with a range of over 300 miles. Tiara 44 Coupe Tiara 44 Coupe Spacious, luxurious and stylish, Tiara’s 44 Coupe is an elegant cruiser with impeccable style and plenty of high tech. A massive, full-width power sunroof and large, opening side windows invite the fresh air into the spacious salon, which features a port-side, L-shaped lounge seat that surrounds a teak dining table with space for four. The central galley offers Corian countertops, a recessed electric stove, convection microwave and refrigerator with freezer. Standard joystick docking, radar and air conditioning are only a taste of what this opulent yacht offers. Share Tweet Subscribe Get Boat.com in your Inbox Like Boat.com on Facebook Popular Pursuit C238 Review Six Dream Boats Boston Whaler 240 Dauntless Pro Review Sailfish 270 WAC Review Featured Boats 2016 Trifecta 200 Series 220FCR MSRP: TBA 2016 Harris FloteBote Grand Mariner SL 270 DL MSRP: $54,385 2016 Crestliner Authority 2050 MSRP: $43,779 2016 Harris FloteBote Grand Mariner SL 230 DLDH MSRP: $46,722 Comments Email this article to a friendx Url http://www.boat.com/6-dream-machines Your Email Your Name Your friend's Email Email Subject Message Cancel Get the Latest Boat News, Reviews and Video in your Facebook Feed! Boat.com Already Liked Copyright © 2017 Boat. All rights reserved About us Contact Privacy Statement TOS Advertising
