New Democrat Slogan Is Reminiscent Of Papa Jo | The Daily Caller   The Daily Caller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           The Daily Caller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics   WASHINGTON, DC - FEBRUARY 04: Sen. Edward Markey (D-MA) (R) talks about net neutrality while flanked by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) (C), and Sen. Al Franken (D-MN), and during a news conference on Capitol Hill, February 4. 2015 in Washington, DC. Senate Democrats are calling on the Federal Communications Commission to reclassify the transmission component of broadband Internet access as a telecommunications service under Title II of the Telecommunications Act. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)    New Democratic Slogan Is Reminiscent Of Papa John’s Pizza Amber Athey 4:15 PM 07/20/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP The Democrat Party is still struggling with its messaging, now releasing a slogan that sounds awfully similar to Papa John’s Pizza. According to Jeff Stein, a reporter with Vox, the new Democrat slogan will be “A Better Deal: Better Skills, Better Jobs, Better Wages.” I shouldve corrected this immediately; I’ve deleted original tweet. Full slogan is “A Better Deal: Better Skills, Better Jobs, Better Wages” — Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) July 20, 2017 Stein reports that the slogan idea took the Democrats months of “polling and internal deliberations.” Another member noted that this is the result of months of polling and internal deliberations among the House Democratic caucus — Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) July 20, 2017 The Papa John’s Pizza slogan is “Better Ingredients. Better Pizza.” Twitter had a field day with the new Democratic messaging campaign. Too late. Pizza’s on its way… — Xennial-in-Chief (@Samoftherocks) July 20, 2017 these inept nerds — West Atlanta Santa (@heIlz) July 20, 2017 No wonder it’s so awful. Come ON, @TheDemocrats. We need you to WIN this time. That’s the most milquetoast motto ever. — Michi (@cbn2) July 20, 2017 Better ingredients, better pizza, Papa John Podesta’s pic.twitter.com/Ns59P0Nung — wolf of all streets (@eugenevdogs) July 20, 2017 Democrats will now petition a federal judge to force Papa John’s to change their catch phrase — Sean Spicier (@sean_spicier) July 20, 2017 Why does this new rumored Democratic slogan sound like it belongs at the end of a Papa John’s ad? pic.twitter.com/dkf4hBblVX — Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) July 20, 2017 lmao the Democrats got high AF and stole their slogan from a Papa John box 420 y’all lmao pic.twitter.com/AfbmVFQuhA — tim (@TimTakesTime) July 20, 2017 Better Jobs, Better Wages, Better Skills: Papa John’s. There’s a Podesta pizzagate joke in here that I’m not clever enough to make. — Penitent Lanyard (@leftcoastredux) July 20, 2017 Maybe it’s just because it’s lunchtime and I’m hungry, but this tagline is making me think of the Papa John’s slogan… pic.twitter.com/wrxNAaQQKP — Marshall Shaffer (@media_marshall) July 20, 2017 I think this slogan is already taken by Papa John’s pizza — Michael Howe (@mjhowe) July 20, 2017 Follow Amber on Twitter Tags: Democrat Party Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
