Discount and Promo codes for top merchants | Codesium.com Stores Contact Us Advertise Discount codes ASOS Debenhams Lane Bryant Lazada Matalan Nordstrom Giveaways Today's Deal Today's Deal Where to shop today? Every day we hand-pick the best offer for you. Here is our selection for today: August 21 Lane Bryant $75 off $225 Worldwide exp: unknown Show Code More Lane Bryant coupons Other Discount Codes ASOS A leading online UK fashion shop stocking both men’s and women’s clothing. ASOS was started in the UK and is now a well-known website with worldwide shipping. It offers regular discounts, free express shipping codes and extra sales. Top discount code: *valid for specific countries IL17PLUS 17% off + free express shipping Get 17% off your order over £100 and you will also receive free express delivery. There are currently 2 other ASOS discount codes. Most of the ASOS codes are country specific – find yours! Debenhams A famous department store not only in the U.K., but in Ireland and other countries as well. Debenhams offers everything from clothing, beauty, and furniture to toys and electronics. It offers discount codes for 10% - 20% off, usually with a minimum spend required (£30 - £70). Top voucher code: SH65 Free Standard Delivery Free delivery with no minimum spend. You can try to apply two more Debenhams voucher codes which have been active during the past week. Lane Bryant Lane Bryant is a popular U.S. brand, especially in plus-size clothing (plus size dresses, bras, tops, swimwear, ...). It offers regular online promotions (up to $75 off or 40% off) together with printable coupons for in-store use. Top coupon: *min purchase is $75 AUGUSTGIFT up to $75 off Use this coupon and save more when you spend more. You can save up to $75 when you spend $225 or more. There are another 4 online and two printable Lane Bryant coupons you may want to apply. Lazada Lazada is becoming the most popular online e-commerce website in Southeast Asia. Lazada offers regularly voucher codes for price reduction, as well as promo codes that give you a chance to win a certain price (i.e. a trip with accommodation). Top voucher: *min purchase: P1500 LZD100AUG P100 off Make a purchase online at Lazada PH and get PHP100 off. Valid for new & existing customers. There are another 2 online Lazada vouchers that are valid for Lazada PH. Matalan A unique out-of-town retailer with over 220 stores across the U.K. Matalan buys products directly from manufacturers, which gives you an unbeatable value for the money. Standard shipping is free over £50, or select "Click and Collect" and get FREE delivery to store. Top discount code: *not valid on sale price items TREAT4 £20 off Spend £250 or more on Matalan.co.uk website to get a flat discount of £20*. There are currently 4 other Matalan discount codes to be used at Matalan or Matalan Direct in August 2017. Nordstrom Although they started out as a shoe retailer, they are now a multi-departmental store including clothing, handbags, jewelry, cosmetics and fragrance products. Nordstrom creates promo codes allowing you to get free gifts when you make a specific purchase. Top promo code: *a purchase required PINK or BLACK Free samples of Mon Paris Make $128 Yves Saint Laurent women's fragrance purchase and receive free deluxe samples There are currently 3 more Nordstrom promo codes which are active in August 2017. Cashback What is the cashback? Instead of using codes to reduce the price before you make a purchase, you can use cashback. The main difference is that your order will not be reduced immediately. You will need to pay in full, but afterwards you will get some money back – as a cash back. Our tip: Use cashback when there is no active promo code. How much money can I get back? It depends on the particular merchant. It also depends on the middleman (cashback portal) which you use to track your purchase. Generally, the cashback varies from 4% – 12%. Merchant Cashback rate (%) Cashback portal ASOS.com up to 5% for US, 10.1% for UK and 7% for AU various portals Debenhams UK 5% Quidco Lane Bryant up to 5% Befrugal Lazada up to 9% Shopback Matalan UK 8% Quidco Nordstrom N/A N/A When and how will I get the cash-back? Most of the portals will send you a payment via your PayPal or Bank account, automatically (without you needing to request it). The whole purchase process must be cleared and confirmed from merchant – which usually takes several weeks. Codesium’s Extras Cashback monitor Giveaways Information About us & Contact Privacy policy & Disclosure Sitemap Top merchants ASOS.com Debenhams Lane Bryant Lazada PH Matalan UK Nordstrom About us Codesium.com has been created in order to help online shoppers save time and money. We manually search for the best deals, promotions and coupon codes from the top merchants. Codesium.com © 2014-2017 // back up ↑
