GWS Contenders or pretenders?  | BigFooty AFL Forum Log in or Sign up News Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums Newest Posts Clubs Clubs Quick Links AFL ADE BRI CAR COL ESS FRE GEE GCS GWS HAW MEL NTH POR RIC StK SYD WCE WB Fitz Media Media Quick Links Search Media New Media Members Members Quick Links Notable Members Current Visitors Recent Activity New Profile Posts Tipping 2017 Tipping 2017 Quick Links Tips Home Enter Tips Competitions Ladder Profile Rules & Prizes Menu Help & Rules Search Search titles only Posted by Member: Separate names with a comma. Newer Than: Search this thread only Search this forum only Display results as threads Useful Searches recent_threads More... BigFooty Home Forums > Australian Football > AFL - The Australian Football League > New BigFooty Theme Try out the new BigFooty theme, soon to go live for all users. Dismiss Notice Cricket: India in Sri Lanka // England v Sth Africa NRL 2017: Round 24 Live Talk NBA Off-Season // NBL 16/17 Thread Dismiss Notice Floyd Mayweather vs Conor Mcgregor: August 26, 2017 at the T Mobile Arena AKA 'The money fight' or 'The 180 million dollar dance.' Whether you think it's the fight of the Century or farce of the century we can be sure of one thing; they'll be a ton of trash talk and heaps to discuss. For all the lead up discussion and news: Click here. Dismiss Notice Dismiss Notice AFL Evolution: Now playing. Dismiss Notice New! BF NF FIGHT PUBG AFL Evo Topical: Fantasy Footy Super Coach AFL Fantasy Tipping NRL Cricket GWS Contenders or pretenders? Discussion in 'AFL - The Australian Football League' started by Dadadadaaaaaa, Jul 18, 2017. Put it out there Page 1 of 13 1 ← 2 3 4 5 6 → 13 Next > Dadadadaaaaaa Team Captain Carlton Other teams: Melbourne Victory Joined: Aug 16 Posts: 499 There was much optimism leading into the 2017 AFL season with GWS being installed as the early premiership favorites. After a narrow preliminary finals loss to the Dogs who would go on to being premiers many saw GWS this season as being close to invincible as last year the young list had supposedly not even hit it's peak. This year they would dominate the AFL like never seen before as they had arguably the best list ever put together (which the help of the AFL) with star players such as Cameron, Steve Johnson, Lachie Whitfield, Callan Ward, Toby Greene, Dylan Shiel, Ryan Griffin, Shane Mumford, Tom Scully, Jonathon Patton, Devon Smith, Stephan Conigligo, Heath Shaw, Josh Kelly, Zac Williams.......... Throw in Brett Delidio and you have the whole package. Sure injuries haven't helped this year, but surely with so much tallent right around the field GWS have clearly not hit expectations this year for a list that is supposedly at its peak. The way GWS have played all year has been arrogant football from a team well and truly ahead of themselves, not team football clubs such as Sydney and Geelong pride themselves on playing. They aren't belting teams, sit 3rd with a record of 10-2-4, many of the wins they have had have been close ones too where they have got out of jail. Are GWS really the premiership fancies we once saw at the start of 2017? GWS: 9:24-13:26   Last edited: Jul 18, 2017 Dadadadaaaaaa, Jul 18, 2017 #1 Reply Power Raid, Rotayjay and McRobie like this. (Log in to remove this ad.) HairyO Norm Smith Medallist Hawthorn Other teams: Joined: Jul 15 Posts: 9,754 Deledio hasnt played a run of good football in about 3 years. Not sure why you would pin your hopes on him. Just like Wells. Injured far too often.   HairyO, Jul 18, 2017 #2 Reply EvenExhale, Rotayjay, Hawka#10 and 1 other person like this. Dennis ClarkeM Full of Chocolate Essendon Other teams: Dragons FFC, Everton Joined: Nov 13 Posts: 10,036 Location: Dragon Island I was actually tempted to have a bet on gws to miss the finals but they no longer have a market for it which i find is bizzare. If think they could easily go 2-4 for the rest of the season and only beat freo and dogs. They are in a seriously bad form slump. losses to demons, tigers, eagles and cats Would leave them on 52 points with a relatively poor percentage. And giving games to 3 teams that could push them down the table. If they lose to richmond this week the doubts will be real   Dennis ClarkeM, Jul 18, 2017 #3 Reply EvenExhale likes this. Franc de Borges Norm Smith Medallist Carlton Other teams: Tottenham Hotspur Joined: Feb 10 Posts: 5,684 Location: Behind Sunglasses Someone watched Talking Footy last night.   Franc de Borges, Jul 18, 2017 #4 Reply Tbonefreo likes this. ManOfClay Premium Platinum Western Bulldogs Other teams: Memphis Grizzlies Joined: Jan 12 Posts: 15,038 Location: On the couch A lot of their players give off a "got ahead of myself" vibe   ManOfClay, Jul 18, 2017 #5 Reply PendlePie likes this. Heardy_101 Premiership Player Port Adelaide Other teams: Manchester City Joined: Nov 11 Posts: 3,898 Location: Redhill Still wouldn't want to be playing against them in the finals.   Heardy_101, Jul 18, 2017 #6 Reply blitzer Premiership Player Essendon Other teams: Joined: Aug 06 Posts: 3,647 Location: House They are still contenders but are struggling under the weight of injuries. I'm not sure I've seen a team win a flag with as many injuries as they've had this year. Plus some of them have been to pretty important players. Just having a look at some of their midfield injuries right now that I would view as key (without even having a particularly intimate knowledge of their list): Deledio - Hasn't got on the park yet. He was going to be one of the real points of difference from last year. Coniglio - One of their prime midfielders - only played a handful of games. Griffen - Not quite as integral as Coniglio but would still be very handy. Hopper - Missed tons of games which hurts even more because of the other guys missing above him Taranto - Similar to Hopper and he would have been playing regularly because of all their other injuries. On top of that a host of injuries to other depth players as well many of whom have been brought in to replace the above only to get injured themselves. Hell De boer and Mzungu have gotten games this year. That should be all anyone needs to hear. That injury list through the midfield would have crippled the effectiveness of any team. Look at how Melbourne have been restricted since they lost most of their best midfielders for a few weeks. Whilst I do mainly attribute their problems to injuries I don't necessarily think a lot of their players have been able to take their games to the next level. A few guys have really stood up: Kelly, Patton, Cameron, Greene, Zac Williams, Shiel and Scully but for a young list they probably haven't had as many improvers as they would have wanted. The fact that for about 8 weeks they've mostly only had close wins and losses is a worrying trend. I'm not really convinced by their style of play right now either. Its exciting to watch but sometimes there seems to be a real lack of system and defensive efforts. tldr: 80% injuries, 20% other issues. Still a contender - probably not outright favourites anymore.   blitzer, Jul 18, 2017 #7 Reply Rotayjay likes this. BallaratBulldog Premium Platinum Western Bulldogs Other teams: Footscray VFL. Joined: Aug 07 Posts: 8,782 No way they will miss finals, home elimination at worse.   BallaratBulldog, Jul 18, 2017 #8 Reply LoungeLizard Norm Smith Medallist Collingwood Other teams: Joined: Sep 09 Posts: 6,106 Location: gippsland I think they are right in the mix, but i also think they need luck to win it. I don't think Adelaide, Sydney or Geelong would be too worried meeting them in a final.   LoungeLizard, Jul 18, 2017 #9 Reply Rotayjay likes this. ashep Club Legend Sydney Other teams: Joined: Jun 14 Posts: 1,913 The loss to Sydney exposed a lack of discipline and structure. Talented as any team in the comp but you wonder if Cameron is the right coach to extract their maximum potential.   ashep, Jul 18, 2017 #10 Reply McRobie likes this. WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot Premiership Player Adelaide Other teams: Joined: Oct 12 Posts: 4,842 Dennis ClarkeM said: ↑ I was actually tempted to have a bet on gws to miss the finals but they no longer have a market for it which i find is bizzare. If think they could easily go 2-4 for the rest of the season and only beat freo and dogs. They are in a seriously bad form slump. losses to demons, tigers, eagles and cats Would leave them on 52 points with a relatively poor percentage. And giving games to 3 teams that could push them down the table. If they lose to richmond this week the doubts will be real Click to expand... They have the 4th best percentage in the league, hardly poor. Yes, 2 wins and 4 losses would decrease that, but there are still 9-15% ahead of West Coast, St Kilda and Melbourne. They currently have 11 wins. For GWS to miss the finals they'd basically have to go 0-6 from here. Their 6 remaining games includes Fremantle and West Coast at home, Melbourne in Canberra and the Bulldogs at Etihad. They would have to fall in a massive hole to lose every single one of those.   WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot, Jul 18, 2017 #11 Reply Rotayjay likes this. (Log in to remove this ad.) WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot Premiership Player Adelaide Other teams: Joined: Oct 12 Posts: 4,842 Personally I'd be happy to see GWS drop another couple of games, as it would give the Crows some breathing space for a chance at a top 2 spot (given that the Crows are 2 wins clear of Port in 4th and 2 wins and a massive percentage ahead of Richmond in 5th).   WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot, Jul 18, 2017 #12 Reply Golden_6 Club Legend Western Bulldogs Other teams: Chicago Bulls Joined: Aug 14 Posts: 2,273 Is this a real thread? They've been destroyed by injuries all year and have kept winning games by any means necessary. I think people forget that you don't need to peak until that last month of footy. They'll finish top 4 and then give themselves every opportunity to win the flag with a potentially healthier list.   Golden_6, Jul 18, 2017 #13 Reply The Helmet and Kram like this. General Giant Brownlow Medallist GWS Other teams: Joined: Apr 12 Posts: 20,010 Location: Mudgee Contenders? Yes Pretenders or favorites? No. On SM-G950F using BigFooty.com mobile app   General Giant, Jul 18, 2017 #14 Reply ferrisb likes this. Anja_Nees Club Legend Western Bulldogs Other teams: Joined: Aug 01 Posts: 2,961 Location: Melbourne They should be around the mark for a good few years but anyone forecasting a series of premiership cakewalks (as many in the media have) has missed the point. There have been plenty of talented sides loaded with high picks that haven't won it. GWS has a lot of work to do. That said I expect them to bounce back and be there until preliminary final weekend at least. I think Cameron is doing fine. It just might take a few cracks before they are mature enough to snag one.   Anja_Nees, Jul 18, 2017 #15 Reply Kram I'll brik u Fremantle Other teams: Chicago Bears Joined: May 07 Posts: 43,004 Location: WA Decimated by injuries yet still managing to stick to the pointy end of the ladder..   Kram, Jul 18, 2017 #16 Reply Slats All Australian Carlton Other teams: Joined: Sep 13 Posts: 622 My tip for the flag.   Slats, Jul 18, 2017 #17 Reply demondavey Norm Smith Medallist Melbourne Other teams: Joined: Apr 05 Posts: 9,493 The weight of expectation is huge. I think that you've still got a situation where the list has lots of kids, sure high draft picks, but kids. You can't substitute a good 100 games + of experience. Come crunch time in finals again it'll test them out coming up against Adelaide, Sydney, Geelong, and even Richmond. This weekend they've got an opportunity to announce themselves as back in flag contention, it's critical for them to win this. Especially at the G. Of the injured players, really only Coniglio looks like he'd be someone you'd stress about. Griffen hasn't set the world alight since coming up there, and Deledio is going to be pretty out of condition come finals. Am I missing someone else?   demondavey, Jul 18, 2017 #18 Reply Bokonon_ Prick the skin of a toy balloon. GWS Other teams: Joined: Nov 16 Posts: 8,110 ManOfClay said: ↑ A lot of their players give off a "got ahead of myself" vibe Click to expand... Dreamed that did you?   Bokonon_, Jul 18, 2017 #19 Reply Buzzasto DaSilva and General Giant like this. smasha Brownlow Medallist Richmond Other teams: Joined: Sep 03 Posts: 28,216 Location: Richmond Paddock demondavey said: ↑ The weight of expectation is huge. I think that you've still got a situation where the list has lots of kids, sure high draft picks, but kids. You can't substitute a good 100 games + of experience. Come crunch time in finals again it'll test them out coming up against Adelaide, Sydney, Geelong, and even Richmond. This weekend they've got an opportunity to announce themselves as back in flag contention, it's critical for them to win this. Especially at the G. Of the injured players, really only Coniglio looks like he'd be someone you'd stress about. Griffen hasn't set the world alight since coming up there, and Deledio is going to be pretty out of condition come finals. Am I missing someone else? Click to expand... #weareeveryonesgrandfinal Rushing a few players in for our match,they will definately run the leggies off ,Richmond game.   smasha, Jul 18, 2017 #20 Reply Bounce All Australian Geelong Other teams: Chelsea FC & Toronto Raptors Joined: Jun 17 Posts: 929 Location: Seychelles Sydney's my choice.   Bounce, Jul 18, 2017 #21 Reply Bokonon_ Prick the skin of a toy balloon. GWS Other teams: Joined: Nov 16 Posts: 8,110 blitzer said: ↑ They are still contenders but are struggling under the weight of injuries. I'm not sure I've seen a team win a flag with as many injuries as they've had this year. Plus some of them have been to pretty important players. Just having a look at some of their midfield injuries right now that I would view as key (without even having a particularly intimate knowledge of their list): Deledio - Hasn't got on the park yet. He was going to be one of the real points of difference from last year. Coniglio - One of their prime midfielders - only played a handful of games. Griffen - Not quite as integral as Coniglio but would still be very handy. Hopper - Missed tons of games which hurts even more because of the other guys missing above him Taranto - Similar to Hopper and he would have been playing regularly because of all their other injuries. On top of that a host of injuries to other depth players as well many of whom have been brought in to replace the above only to get injured themselves. Hell De boer and Mzungu have gotten games this year. That should be all anyone needs to hear. That injury list through the midfield would have crippled the effectiveness of any team. Look at how Melbourne have been restricted since they lost most of their best midfielders for a few weeks. Whilst I do mainly attribute their problems to injuries I don't necessarily think a lot of their players have been able to take their games to the next level. A few guys have really stood up: Kelly, Patton, Cameron, Greene, Zac Williams, Shiel and Scully but for a young list they probably haven't had as many improvers as they would have wanted. The fact that for about 8 weeks they've mostly only had close wins and losses is a worrying trend. I'm not really convinced by their style of play right now either. Its exciting to watch but sometimes there seems to be a real lack of system and defensive efforts. tldr: 80% injuries, 20% other issues. Still a contender - probably not outright favourites anymore. Click to expand... Nonsensical OP. I really like the science in the 80-20 split. No doubt a lot of research no went into that. The fact that you state the issues are primarily injuries then go on to insist the team third on the ladder is doing everything wrong, identifies this as a meaningless troll.   Last edited: Jul 18, 2017 Bokonon_, Jul 18, 2017 #22 Reply Fadge likes this. 99cents THE BEAST Geelong Other teams: Joined: Dec 11 Posts: 666 blitzer said: ↑ They are still contenders but are struggling under the weight of injuries. I'm not sure I've seen a team win a flag with as many injuries as they've had this year. Deledio - Hasn't got on the park yet. He was going to be one of the real points of difference from last year. Coniglio - One of their prime midfielders - only played a handful of games. Griffen - Not quite as integral as Coniglio but would still be very handy. Hopper - Missed tons of games which hurts even more because of the other guys missing above him Taranto - Similar to Hopper and he would have been playing regularly because of all their other injuries. tldr: 80% injuries, 20% other issues. Still a contender - probably not outright favourites anymore. Click to expand... jacob Hopper has played 16 career games taranto 12 games lids has basically been injured for a couple of years griffen out for the year If I was a giants fan, I wouldn't be relying on these players to bring a flag   99cents, Jul 18, 2017 #23 Reply McRobie and demondavey like this. harrythetiger Premiership Player Richmond Other teams: Straya Joined: Sep 15 Posts: 3,213 Location: Centre half bench With their available list, pretenders. When you put in the injury list, contenders. Any other club would be on its knees with that injury list.   harrythetiger, Jul 18, 2017 #24 Reply Fadge likes this. demondavey Norm Smith Medallist Melbourne Other teams: Joined: Apr 05 Posts: 9,493 Golden_6 said: ↑ Is this a real thread? They've been destroyed by injuries all year and have kept winning games by any means necessary. I think people forget that you don't need to peak until that last month of footy. They'll finish top 4 and then give themselves every opportunity to win the flag with a potentially healthier list. Click to expand... Who are they missing that'll make a difference?   demondavey, Jul 18, 2017 #25 Reply (You must log in or sign up to reply here.) Show Ignored Content Page 1 of 13 1 ← 2 3 4 5 6 → 13 Next > Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log in with Google Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Stay logged in BigFooty Home Forums > Australian Football > AFL - The Australian Football League > Style cool Contact Us Help Home Top RSS Terms and Rules Quality Add-Ons by WMTech © 2017 WebMachine Technologies, Inc. Some XenForo functionality crafted by ThemeHouse. Copyright © Big Interest Group, LLC Our Network: Aussie Rules Football | Cricket | NRL | More Football | More Sports | Geek Loading...
