What did you like, learn and hate from AFL Round 22? | BigFooty Forum AFL Board Clubs Adelaide Brisbane Lions Carlton Collingwood Essendon Fremantle Geelong Gold Coast GWS Giants Hawthorn Melbourne Demons North Melbourne Port Adelaide Richmond St Kilda Sydney West Coast Eagles Western Bulldogs Footy Podcasts Australian Football ASADA Investigation Drafts, Trading & Free Agency Footy Jumpers and Graphics Footy Fourth Estate Umpiring, MRP, Tribunal & Rules Footy Industry BigFooty Medal – Vote Now More Australian Football… My Footy Skills, Coaching, Admin, Umpires Health and Fitness State, Regional and School Footy Games Super Coach AFL Dream Team More Games… NOT FOOTY Soccer Soccer – Australian Soccer – International League Union American Football Cricket Basketball Motor Sports Tennis UFC & Wrestling Poker More Sports… MORE BigFooty Geek Computers & Tech Video Games Minecraft Board Games & RPGs Comics & Animation TV & Movies Lifestyle & Travel Music Politics & Religion General Discussion Punting Crime More Boards… Advertising Search JOIN AUSTRALIA’S BIGGEST FOOTY FORUM BigFooty Forum AFL Board Clubs Adelaide Brisbane Lions Carlton Collingwood Essendon Fremantle Geelong Gold Coast GWS Giants Hawthorn Melbourne Demons North Melbourne Port Adelaide Richmond St Kilda Sydney West Coast Eagles Western Bulldogs Footy Podcasts Australian Football ASADA Investigation Drafts, Trading & Free Agency Footy Jumpers and Graphics Footy Fourth Estate Umpiring, MRP, Tribunal & Rules Footy Industry BigFooty Medal – Vote Now More Australian Football… My Footy Skills, Coaching, Admin, Umpires Health and Fitness State, Regional and School Footy Games Super Coach AFL Dream Team More Games… NOT FOOTY Soccer Soccer – Australian Soccer – International League Union American Football Cricket Basketball Motor Sports Tennis UFC & Wrestling Poker More Sports… MORE BigFooty Geek Computers & Tech Video Games Minecraft Board Games & RPGs Comics & Animation TV & Movies Lifestyle & Travel Music Politics & Religion General Discussion Punting Crime More Boards… Advertising Opinion What did you like, learn and hate from AFL Round 22? By BigFooty Staff - August 20, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet In such a tight, thrilling season, the penultimate round of 2017 almost felt like the calm before the storm, with most results going according to script and the field of potential finalists continuing to narrow. Friday night was perhaps the most off-script match of the round, with Sydney knocking off Adelaide by just three points. The Swans solidified their status as the only team to make finals after starting a season 0-6 in a tight tussle with the likely minor premier, which will serve as a major confidence boost ahead of their finals campaign. The Bulldogs’ premiership defence almost certainly ended at the hands of Port Adelaide in Ballarat. The Dogs fought bravely and a win looked likely with a two goal lead midway through the final term, but Port ultimately had too much firepower and kicked the last five goals of the game. Top 8 sides Geelong, GWS and Melbourne were all given a fright by their lesser ranked opponents, with the Dees almost certainly locking in their first finals appearance since 2006 with their narrow win over a promising Brisbane team. In a glorious piece of fixturing, the Cats and Giants will fight over top two and top four positions at Simonds Stadium this weekend. What a way to whet our appetite for finals! Elsewhere, St Kilda gave Nick Riewoldt a fitting farewell at Etihad Stadium with a dominant win over North Melbourne. North will battle Brisbane next Saturday for the wooden spoon (and the number one draft pick of course). Carlton also ended Hawthorn’s slim finals chances and in doing so ended their own 12-match winless streak against the Hawks. Finally, Richmond handed Fremantle their second 100-point loss in as many weeks, utterly decimating the Dockers in their final game at Subiaco. Could Damien Hardwick’s side be the sleeper in September? They seem to be hitting peak form at just the right time and that Tiger Army is beginning to roar. What did you like, learn and hate from AFL Round 22? Have your say here. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet BigFooty Staff 6,743FansLike 1,930FollowersFollow 5,935FollowersFollow Follow us on Instagram @bigfootyforum Launched in 1999, BigFooty.com is the web’s largest Aussie Rules community, and a top-10 Australian social networking site. Contribute Contact © 2017 Copyright Big Interest Group LLC. All Rights reserved. Edit with Live CSS Save Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.
