MRP: Port defender could miss a final | BigFooty Forum AFL Board Clubs Adelaide Brisbane Lions Carlton Collingwood Essendon Fremantle Geelong Gold Coast GWS Giants Hawthorn Melbourne Demons North Melbourne Port Adelaide Richmond St Kilda Sydney West Coast Eagles Western Bulldogs Footy Podcasts Australian Football ASADA Investigation Drafts, Trading & Free Agency Footy Jumpers and Graphics Footy Fourth Estate Umpiring, MRP, Tribunal & Rules Footy Industry BigFooty Medal – Vote Now More Australian Football… My Footy Skills, Coaching, Admin, Umpires Health and Fitness State, Regional and School Footy Games Super Coach AFL Dream Team More Games… NOT FOOTY Soccer Soccer – Australian Soccer – International League Union American Football Cricket Basketball Motor Sports Tennis UFC & Wrestling Poker More Sports… MORE BigFooty Geek Computers & Tech Video Games Minecraft Board Games & RPGs Comics & Animation TV & Movies Lifestyle & Travel Music Politics & Religion General Discussion Punting Crime More Boards… Advertising Search JOIN AUSTRALIA’S BIGGEST FOOTY FORUM BigFooty Forum AFL Board Clubs Adelaide Brisbane Lions Carlton Collingwood Essendon Fremantle Geelong Gold Coast GWS Giants Hawthorn Melbourne Demons North Melbourne Port Adelaide Richmond St Kilda Sydney West Coast Eagles Western Bulldogs Footy Podcasts Australian Football ASADA Investigation Drafts, Trading & Free Agency Footy Jumpers and Graphics Footy Fourth Estate Umpiring, MRP, Tribunal & Rules Footy Industry BigFooty Medal – Vote Now More Australian Football… My Footy Skills, Coaching, Admin, Umpires Health and Fitness State, Regional and School Footy Games Super Coach AFL Dream Team More Games… NOT FOOTY Soccer Soccer – Australian Soccer – International League Union American Football Cricket Basketball Motor Sports Tennis UFC & Wrestling Poker More Sports… MORE BigFooty Geek Computers & Tech Video Games Minecraft Board Games & RPGs Comics & Animation TV & Movies Lifestyle & Travel Music Politics & Religion General Discussion Punting Crime More Boards… Advertising News MRP: Port defender could miss a final By BigFooty Staff - August 21, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Tom Jonas gave away a down-field free kick in this incident. #AFLDogsPower pic.twitter.com/HCUBlqDi43— AFL (@AFL) August 19, 2017 Port Adelaide defender Tom Jonas is set to miss Port Adelaide’s first final should the he accept a two-match suspension for rough conduct against Bulldog Luke Dahlhaus. The incident was judged to be intentional contact to the head with low impact. Jonas’ poor record with the MRP means that he will be unable to reduce his sanction. Fremantle ruckman Sean Darcy is the only other player to be suspended from Round 22 with the youngster handed a one-week ban for striking Richmond’s Nick Vlaustin. Jake Melksham, Bernie Vince, Jack Redden, James Sicily and Dale Thomas were all handed fines for minor incidents. Here is the full MRP statement from AFL.com.au: Tom Jonas, Port Adelaide, has been charged with engaging in rough conduct against Luke Dahlhaus, Western Bulldogs, during the third quarter of the Round 22 match between Port Adelaide and the Western Bulldogs, played at Mars Stadium on Saturday August 19, 2017. In summary, due to a previous poor record, his two-match sanction is increased by one further game to three matches and he can accept a two-match sanction with an early plea. Based on the available video evidence and a medical report from the Western Bulldogs Football Club, the incident was assessed as intentional contact with low impact to the head. The incident was classified as a two-match sanction. A poor record over the last two seasons increases the penalty by one-game to a three-match sanction. An early plea enables the player to accept a two-match sanction. Jack Redden, West Coast, has been charged with engaging in rough conduct against Josh Kelly, GWS Giants, during the fourth quarter of the Round 22 match between West Coast and the GWS Giants, played at Spotless Stadium on Saturday August 19, 2017. In summary he can accept a $1000 sanction with an early plea. Based on the available evidence and a medical report from the GWS Giants, the incident was classified as careless conduct with low impact to the head. The incident was classified as a $1500 sanction. The player has no applicable record which affects the penalty. An early plea enables the player to accept a $1000 sanction. James Sicily, Hawthorn, has been charged with striking Jed Lamb, Carlton, during the third quarter of the Round 22 match Hawthorn and Carlton, played at Etihad Stadium on Saturday August 19, 2017. In summary, he can accept a $1000 sanction with an early plea. Based on the available video evidence and a medical report from the Carlton Football Club, the incident was assessed as intentional conduct with low impact to the body. The incident was classified as a $1500 sanction. The player has a no applicable record which impacts the penalty. An early plea enables the player to accept a $1000 sanction. Dale Thomas, Carlton, has been charged with misconduct against Isaac Smith, Hawthorn, during the fourth quarter of the Round 22 match between Carlton and Hawthorn, played at Etihad Stadium on Saturday August 19, 2017. In summary, he can accept a $1000 sanction with an early plea. A first offence for misconduct is classified as a $1500 sanction. The player has no applicable record which impacts the penalty. An early plea enables the player to accept a $1000 sanction. Bernie Vince, Melbourne, has been charged with striking Dayne Beams, Brisbane Lions, during the second quarter of the Round 22 match between Melbourne and the Brisbane Lions, played at the MCG on Sunday August 20, 2017. In summary, he can accept a $1500 sanction with an early plea. Based on the available video evidence and a medical report from the Brisbane lions Football Club, the incident was assessed as careless conduct with low impact to the head. The incident was a second classifiable offence this season and classified as a $2500 sanction. An early plea enables the player to accept a $1500 sanction. Jake Melksham, Melbourne, has been charged with misconduct for pushing an opponent into the umpire during the fourth quarter of the Round 22 match between Melbourne and the Brisbane Lions, played at the MCG on Sunday August 20, 2017. In summary, he can accept a $1000 sanction with an early plea. A first offence for misconduct is classified as a $1500 sanction. The player has no applicable record which impacts the penalty. An early plea enables the player to accept a $1000 sanction. Sean Darcy, Fremantle, has been charged with striking Nick Vlastuin, Richmond, during the second quarter of the Round 22 match between Fremantle and Richmond, played at Domain Stadium on Sunday August 20, 2017. In summary, he can accept a one-match sanction with an early plea. Based on the available video evidence and a medical report from the Richmond Football Club, the incident was assessed as intentional conduct with low impact to the head. The incident was classified as a two-match sanction. The player has no applicable record with impacts the penalty. An early plea enables the player to accept a one-match sanction. Other incidents assessed The match day report laid against the Sydney Swans’ Zak Jones for charging the Adelaide Crows’ Brad Crouch was assessed. The ball was kicked towards Crouch with Jones coming towards the contest. As Crouch marked the ball, Jones made body contact with his opponent. A free kick was paid at the time and Crouch immediately got to his feet to take his kick. It was the view of the panel there was not sufficient impact in the contact to constitute a reportable offence. No further action was taken. The match day report laid against St Kilda’s Jake Carlisle for striking North Melbourne’s Luke McDonald at the quarter break was assessed. Contact was made with an open hand to the chest. It was the view of the panel the impact was below that required to constitute a reportable offence with no further action taken. The match day report laid against St Kilda’s Jake Carlisle for striking North Melbourne’s Declan Mountford at the quarter break was assessed. Contact was made with a double-hand push to the chest with both hands open. It was the view of the panel the impact was below that required to constitute a reportable offence with no further action taken.   SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet BigFooty Staff 6,743FansLike 1,930FollowersFollow 5,935FollowersFollow Follow us on Instagram @bigfootyforum Launched in 1999, BigFooty.com is the web’s largest Aussie Rules community, and a top-10 Australian social networking site. Contribute Contact © 2017 Copyright Big Interest Group LLC. All Rights reserved. Edit with Live CSS Save Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.
