Squiggle: Two weeks left! | BigFooty Forum AFL Board Clubs Adelaide Brisbane Lions Carlton Collingwood Essendon Fremantle Geelong Gold Coast GWS Giants Hawthorn Melbourne Demons North Melbourne Port Adelaide Richmond St Kilda Sydney West Coast Eagles Western Bulldogs Footy Podcasts Australian Football ASADA Investigation Drafts, Trading & Free Agency Footy Jumpers and Graphics Footy Fourth Estate Umpiring, MRP, Tribunal & Rules Footy Industry BigFooty Medal – Vote Now More Australian Football… My Footy Skills, Coaching, Admin, Umpires Health and Fitness State, Regional and School Footy Games Super Coach AFL Dream Team More Games… NOT FOOTY Soccer Soccer – Australian Soccer – International League Union American Football Cricket Basketball Motor Sports Tennis UFC & Wrestling Poker More Sports… MORE BigFooty Geek Computers & Tech Video Games Minecraft Board Games & RPGs Comics & Animation TV & Movies Lifestyle & Travel Music Politics & Religion General Discussion Punting Crime More Boards… Advertising Search JOIN AUSTRALIA’S BIGGEST FOOTY FORUM BigFooty Forum AFL Board Clubs Adelaide Brisbane Lions Carlton Collingwood Essendon Fremantle Geelong Gold Coast GWS Giants Hawthorn Melbourne Demons North Melbourne Port Adelaide Richmond St Kilda Sydney West Coast Eagles Western Bulldogs Footy Podcasts Australian Football ASADA Investigation Drafts, Trading & Free Agency Footy Jumpers and Graphics Footy Fourth Estate Umpiring, MRP, Tribunal & Rules Footy Industry BigFooty Medal – Vote Now More Australian Football… My Footy Skills, Coaching, Admin, Umpires Health and Fitness State, Regional and School Footy Games Super Coach AFL Dream Team More Games… NOT FOOTY Soccer Soccer – Australian Soccer – International League Union American Football Cricket Basketball Motor Sports Tennis UFC & Wrestling Poker More Sports… MORE BigFooty Geek Computers & Tech Video Games Minecraft Board Games & RPGs Comics & Animation TV & Movies Lifestyle & Travel Music Politics & Religion General Discussion Punting Crime More Boards… Advertising Analysis Squiggle: Two weeks left! By Max Barry - August 15, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet That’s a pretty handy position for Adelaide there, NOT THAT IT WILL BE ENOUGH FOR YOU, ADELAIDE FANS. My God, squiggle showed you were a force a year ago and you’re still like, “We might still be terrible.” You’re not terrible. Face it. ​ The Crows and Swans both beat up on lesser teams this week. Sydney were especially impressive, reaching triple figures before Fremantle had made double figures, which is the kind of defensive performance that should scare you, unless you’re Sydney. Of course, it was only Freo. Remember after Round 9 when Fremantle were 5th on the ladder? I was correct to call it the greatest travesty of the 21st century, or whatever I said. The Dockers have been extraordinary at scrounging close wins to mask poor fundamentals over the last couple of years. The Giants also had a good win over the Bulldogs to add a bit of interest to the top. ​Essendon are a great chance of snagging two wins in their final two games, and squiggle thinks that might be enough to tip out the Eagles and Dogs. In particular, it thinks Essendon can boost their percentage by enough to move ahead of West Coast even with the Eagles winning 1 out of 2 (defeating either GWS or Adelaide). A better picture of the landscape can be seen in the Tower: ​That’s still a decent chance for Sydney to muscle into the top 4, by beating Adelaide this week and Carlton the next while relying on Richmond to drop a game against Fremantle or St Kilda, or else Geelong or GWS to lose both of theirs. And if the Swans can’t, Port Adelaide has a chance to do the same thing. The top 6 is about 85% certain, though, to be Adelaide, GWS, Geelong, Richmond, Sydney, and Port Adelaide. Brisbane are no longer more likely to finish bottom than any other position! After spending the first half of the year grinding the gears and bunny-hopping in place, the Lions have found the accelerator and started going places been going places. They’re no longer even the worst team in the competition. Also there is now a 3% chance of a Hawthorn finals campaign, courtesy of a couple of convenient results for the Hawks on the weekend. Imagine the Hawks scraping into 8th and taking on Sydney in an Elimination Final. Grips the mind, doesn’t it. On Flagpole, Melbourne and St Kilda move rapidly in opposite directions. And there’s now a fair gap between Sydney and the next tier of challengers. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Max Barry 6,743FansLike 1,930FollowersFollow 5,935FollowersFollow Follow us on Instagram @bigfootyforum Launched in 1999, BigFooty.com is the web’s largest Aussie Rules community, and a top-10 Australian social networking site. Contribute Contact © 2017 Copyright Big Interest Group LLC. All Rights reserved. Edit with Live CSS Save Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.
