Breitling Watch Ultimate Information Source, New Breitling Models, Galleries, Forum, Spotting Breitling Replicas, Watches Your #1 Source for Information on Breitling Watches Home Breitling Models Movements & Calibers Bracelets & Straps Breitling User Manuals Chronologs & Books Articles & FAQ Reviews Breitling Ambassadors Forum Glossary Downloads Complete Pricelist Contact & Links Welcome to the Breitling Source Complete Breitling Resource I started this Breitling information site because I noticed a lack of information on Breitling watches on the internet. There was always something I could not find, or had to spend a ridiculous amount of time to find it. Information on calibers/movements, bracelets, casebacks, and model productions years among other things were always so difficult to find! Site News May 24h, 2017 - Minor updates. Added a few new models missing from the database including: Chronoliner Boutique Edition, SuperOcean Heritage II 42, SuperOcean Heritage II 46, and SuperOcean Heritage II Chronograph. New movement added, Breitling B20. April 20th, 2016 - Added the new Navitimer 1884 model to the database. March 22nd, 2016 - See some of the coolest new releases from Breitling at Baselworld 2016, including the SuperOcean Heritage Chronoworks®, Avenger Hurricane and Bentley GMT Carbon Body. This site does focus mainly on more recent models, concentrating primarily on Breitlings from the 80's and newer, but we have a great growing Breitling Vintage Forum. There are lots of extremely informative sites and forums out there which have even more information on Breitling watches, but I am trying to create a complete model list with gallery and specifications among other things. This site is also intended as a way for potential internet users to spot fakes and replicas on the internet and in real life. BREITLING BLOG NEWS Omega Seamaster 300 Master Co-Axial Chronometer Watch Review Breitling Superocean 44 Special Stainless Steel Breitling Avenger Hurricane 12H Breitling for Bentley Supersports B55 Breitling Chronospace Evo Night Mission The Breitling DC-3 circles the globe Breitling Emergency Night Mission Breitling Chronomat 44 Blacksteel Special Edition Feel free to email me with any information that may be incorrect, or additional information of pictures that you may wish to provide so that we can have the most complete Breitling resource on the internet! Copyright ©2006-2017 - BreitlingSource.com - All Rights Reserved All Breitling Models - Forum - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Breitling Blog  
