Design Milk: Design Blog with Interior Design, Modern Furniture, & Art Latest Posts Categories Architecture Art Home Interiors Style Tech Travel Videos Columns CMYLK Deconstruction Design Store(y) Designer Dailies Designer Desktops Destination Design Friday Five Get Out! Make It Modern Skim Milk Taste Unframed Where I Work Search Connect Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Google Flickr YouTube Videos Subscribe Newsletter Clever Podcast Shop Society6 Design Milk Dog Milk Adorn Milk Clever Podcast Design Milk Job Board About Advertise Subscribe Submit Contact Design Milk Search Search Input Architecture Art Home Interiors Style Tech Travel Videos More Architecture Art Home Interiors Style Tech Travel Videos Columns CMYLK Deconstruction Design Store(y) Designer Dailies Designer Desktops Destination Design Friday Five Get Out! Make It Modern Skim Milk Taste Unframed Where I Work Connect Google Flickr YouTube Videos Subscribe Newsletter Clever Podcast Shop Society6 Design Milk House Milk BEFORE: Living Space Redesign with Emily Henderson Editor Jaime Derringer’s family room and dining room get a colorful, fresh makeover from Emily Henderson. Read The Article Friday Five with Grant Kirkpatrick This Friday Five takes a look at some of the things this busy California architect loves and finds inspiring. Read The Article Get Ready and Get Organized for Back-To-School! To help students get prepared to go back to school, we rounded up 10 supplies to get them ready and organized. Read The Article Society6 Launches Backpacks! Just in time for back-to-school shopping and fall travels. Read The Article JOI-Design Bridges Past with Present at the Capri by Fraser Berlin See how JOI-Design is able to pay homage to history through contemporary design. Read The Article Art Destination: Erik Sommer’s Concrete Car A not-to-miss art installation in a shipping container in Brooklyn. Read The Article Exclusive: Nest by Lance McGregor for OTHR The idea for the Nest bank came about from the idea of ‘breaking the piggy bank’ to see what rewards lie within. Read The Article Design Milk Digest Daily Weekly Subscribe Latest More Like This Cubiio Is a Nearly Pocketable Portable Laser Engraver Have you ever wanted to laser engrave wood, paper, leather, or a favorite dessert from the comfort of an app? A Rock ‘n Roll Chic Hotel Suite That Looks Good and Does Good The Andaz West Hollywood, Jonathan Adler, and (RED) collaborated on a suite that supports the fight against AIDS. The Companion Family of Furniture Aims to Support Your Daily Life Studioilse created a family of practical, wooden furniture that aims to support you in everyday life. Boudoir Fétiche: A Project That Explores the Relationship Between Fetishism and Luxury A project that explores the relationship between the often taboo world of fetishism and the world of luxury. Moroso Expands the Sushi Collection by Edward Van Vliet Moroso originally launched the Edward Van Vliet designed Sushi Collection back in 2008 and recently they added more pieces. FIL Launches Modern and Minimal Lifestyle Brand FIL launched as a modern and minimal lifestyle brand that's based on "fulfilling life, a life that is full." More Recent Articles Categories Architecture Art Home Interiors Style Technology Travel Videos Design Milk Digest Fresh design delivered right to your inbox. Daily Weekly Subscribe Clever Podcast Ep. 36: Jan van der Lande Listen Dog Milk Vans x Peanuts Collection... Read Article Featured Columns All Columns Skim Milk Where I Work Designer Desktops Design Milk Job Board More Jobs 10010 Senior Designer/Art Director WME | IMG (Fashion) View Job Brooklyn, Ny Studio Production Coordinator RachelCope View Job New York City NYC Sales Representative Emeco View Job Product Directory More Products Popular Articles View Options Week Month Year A 1960’s Warehouse Becomes a Family Home in Melbourne A Cape Town House on the Foot of a Mountain Society6 Launches Backpacks! A Modern House in Taichung That Combines Work and Home Life Skagen’s Signatur Hybrid Smartwatch Dials In Connectivity 10 Technologies Reshaping the Bedroom to Version 2.0 Nostalgic Lofree Keyboard Brings Back the Touch and Sound of Typewriters Year-Round Weatherproof Igloos for your Garden A Warehouse is Converted into a Stunning Apartment View The Archives The Design Milk Archives Search and view over 10 years of modern design. View the Archives Find us on Instagram @designmilk A #housemullet is traditional in the front and #modern in the back. If you live in one, share it with this hashtag so we can take a peek! \\\ This one is by @archetypeconstruction. Photo by @andrewjsnow 602 3 Follow @designmilkeveryday The eclipse may be over but there's still time to get 20% off a selection of celestial products from @schoolhouse, like these Luna #pendantlights! 225 1 Follow @designmilktravels A #rocknroll #hotelsuite that looks good and does good 🤘🏻 The @andazweho, @jonathanadler and @red collaborated together on a suite that supports the fight against AIDS. \\\ designmilk.com 141 0 Follow Partners → Be Original Americas Become a Partner Our Sites → Dog Milk Adorn Milk Clever Podcast Design Milk Job Board Architecture Art Home Interiors Style Tech Travel Videos More Architecture Art Home Interiors Style Tech Travel Videos Columns CMYLK Deconstruction Design Store(y) Designer Dailies Designer Desktops Destination Design Friday Five Get Out! Make It Modern Skim Milk Taste Unframed Where I Work Connect Google Flickr YouTube Videos Subscribe Newsletter Clever Podcast Shop Society6 Photo copyright retained by photo owners, everything else © 2017 Design Milk®, part of the JD2 Media, LLC "Milk" family. About Advertise Subscribe Archives Newsletter Privacy Submit Contact Design Milk Digest Fresh design delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe Daily Weekly
