GasFreaks - We All Love Gas <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NGW8KJ" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> GAS Freaks don't we all love gasoline ? Home Auto Parts Deals, Discounts & Coupons Video Monday – Tuned GT-R beasts around Tsukuba!!! Leave a Comment Watch a 5-lap battle around Tsukuba in a couple of tuned GT-Rs!!! [Read more...] Filed Under: Lancia The Mini Monsta Leave a Comment I think that the classic Mini has a nice appeal to it. I know it’s not a muscle car or a sexy Italian racer, but it has some nice curves while being a small car. You rarely get to see one in Asia, but when you do it’s pretty sure you’re not going to forget it. [Read more...] Filed Under: Lancia, Mini Video Monday – Subaru Rally Team USA!!! Leave a Comment Subaru Rally team USA have made a video with their new rally car. [Read more...] Filed Under: Lancia Video Monday – Battle at 10k RPM!!! Leave a Comment This time the guys from Hot Version International test some pretty radical cars!!! [Read more...] Filed Under: Lancia The Hulk Leave a Comment As far as I remember I’ve been a fan of the BMW M3. My personal favorite is the E46, but I would never refuse a ride in an E30. Performance cars have come a long way since that period, going from a 4 cylinder engine, to a straight 6, to a high revving V8 and now to a turbocharged V6. Also they are harder to tune, maybe because they offer so much from the start. For example, the power in the new M3 is more than double than in the first model, but it is also heavier. [Read more...] Filed Under: BMW Video Monday – Rotary Tuner Challenge!!! Leave a Comment Video Monday is back!!! This is the ultimate rotary tuner action!!! [Read more...] Filed Under: Lancia The Top Secret R34 Leave a Comment I’ve allways been a fan of Japanese cars. I have a shortlist and it contains cars such as the 22B Subaru Impreza, the Bugeye STI and the Toyota Supra. But there is a car that comes out on top, and that is the Nissan R34 GT-R. There is something about the lines of this car that makes it look mean even when it’s parked. Below you can read about a R34 V-spec II Nur modified by Top Secret in Japan. [Read more...] Filed Under: Nissan Video Monday – My Vtec kicked in YO!!! Leave a Comment This is yet another video from Best Motoring International, testing several Hondas. [Read more...] Filed Under: Video Monday A Mini Done Perfectly Leave a Comment I’ve always been a fan of classic cars, big or small, powerful or lightweight. One of the most iconic cars in my opinion is the Mini. It’s a lightweight chassis on a small car, sometimes powered by some really powerful engines. I’ve even seen Minis with K20A blown swaps. But this is a different kind of Mini. [Read more...] Filed Under: Mini Ultimate Tuner Battle – Tsukuba 5 Lap Battle Leave a Comment It’s Monday, so let’s watch another hot video. This contains a 5 Lap Batlle over Tzukuba in Japan! [Read more...] Filed Under: Mitsubishi, Nissan, Subaru 1 2 3 … 11 Next Page» Search Recent Posts Video Monday – Tuned GT-R beasts around Tsukuba!!! The Mini Monsta Video Monday – Subaru Rally Team USA!!! Video Monday – Battle at 10k RPM!!! The Hulk Freaking HOT or not ? Cars That We Love Audi BMW Car Festivals Chevrolet Corvette Electric Cars Ferrari Fiat Ford Honda Hot Rod Lamborghini Lancia Lexus Lotus Mazda Mercedes Mini Mitsubishi Muscle News Nissan Plymouth Barracuda Porsche Racing Scion Subaru Toyota TVR Video Monday Volkswagen eEuroparts – Top Quality! Copyright 2014 - 2016 GasFreaks.com About Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Sitemap | Contact
