Little List - Deals on high quality items for moms & babies deals Kids Clothing Baby Gear Toys & Learning Just for Moms For the Home Gift Ideas Featured Find Expired Deals Close Menu Shopping Inspiration about us Contact Us Close Menu Sort by popularity Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low EXTRA 20% off pediped shoe sale through 8/23: Just in time for back to school! If you’ve been following us for awhile, you know our LOVE for pediped shoes… not only are they adorable, they are super high quality, comfortable, and safe for little feet.  It’s the first brand we recommend when moms ask us for our favorite first shoe for new walkers.  We are loving this sale of EXTRA 20% off sale styles with code BONUS20.  It lasts through 8/23 and is perfect timing to stock up for back to school (and special occasions too!)  There are also some amazing new styles and Little Listers score 15% off regularly priced items with code LITTLE15 through 8/31! Expires: Thursday August 31st, 2017 11:59pm Shop this Sale! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Shop this Sale! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product FLASH SALE EXTENDED: Nesting Days Newborn Carrier Everyone is a winner with this FLASH SALE with Nesting Days Newborn Carriers. The most cozy + easy carrier we’ve tried is 20% off TODAY ONLY with code LITTLELIST (this is their biggest discount offer yet) Expires: This Deal has Expired Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Sale! Best price on Graco Pack ‘n Play! It’s an awesome price on this popular Graco Pack ‘n Play, which comes with a changing pad.  At this low price, it’s perfect for a grandparent or caregiver’s home (or to bring to an upcoming beach vacation).  We never know how long Amazon deals will last, so snag this one if you want it.  Ships free! $120.00 $60.00 Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Amazing BOBUX shoes: an exclusive 25% off! We recently discovered BOBUX shoes… and we couldn’t be more impressed with this made-in-the-USA brand of quality and adorable shoe options for kids from newborn to big kids.  There is a huge selection of styles (i.e. sandals to moccs to dress shoes) and the prices are very reasonable for the quality.  The shoes offer excellent foot support, dependent on the age of the child wearing them.  We are so excited to offer a generous offer for Little Listers: 25% off the entire site through July 11th with code LITTLELIST25!  Shipping is free on orders of $50+. Score a pair?  Make sure to tag us on Instagram with your new kicks! Expires: This Deal has Expired Shop this Collection! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Shop this Collection! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Exclusive deal on YouthfulNest’s virtual interior design: it’s your turn! We’ve had the best experience working with YouthfulNest on our amazing nursery transformation – it’s been such a convenient and seamless process… perfect for us busy mamas!   We hope you’ve been having fun following along too!  If our after pictures have had you thinking that you might need a little help on your kids’ rooms or baby-on-the-way, we have awesome news for you.  Now through 6/28, Little Listers score an exclusive $50 off the YouthfulNest Premium Package with promo code LLFF$50.  It’s the perfect time to try out this virtual interior design service, which is already at a very reasonable price for the value that you get! Expires: This Deal has Expired Create a beautiful space! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Create a beautiful space! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product ZoZu hand-sewn baby bows + an exclusive discount! We are excited to introduce Little Listers to an exciting new company with some super adorable baby items – perfect for your own little ones or also an excellent gift.  ZoZu Baby’s bows and socks are handmade with love in Northern California by a mama herself, using only the highest quality of cotton fabrics and felts.  There are a wide range of unique sizes, patterns, and styles and they are packaged adorably.  Now for a limited time, our readers can score 20% off sitewide at ZoZuBaby.com with code littlelist20. Shop this Collection! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Shop this Collection! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Sale! Amazing price of $175 on top-rated Britax Boulevard G4.1 Convertible Car Seat We love our Britax convertible car seats, and the Boulevard is one that is constantly raved about across our mom friends (and blogs we read!)  as it is a top safety choice, and also comfortable and easy to use.  If you are in need of one, act quickly, as this is a ridiculous deal ($175 shipped, down from $330) and we never know how long it will last on Amazon. $330.00 $175.00 Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Sale! Loving the NEW Radio Flyer 3-in-1 EZ Fold Wagon Ride On: $68 on pre-order! How many times could we have used this wagon over the past two years?  What a great concept!  We love the versatility of it and that it collapses for easy transport and storage!  Right now, you can score it on Amazon on pre-order for $68 (regularly $90).  Shipping is free! $90.00 $68.00 Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Featured Find: Exclusive Feltman Brothers coupon just in time for summer! If you’ve been following us for some time, you know that Feltman Brothers is one of our go-to’s for special occasion wear. Beautifully made and classic styles, we’ve loved the adorable options for dressing up our little girls.  Now with a little boy on the way, it is SO fun looking at the super cute styles that Feltman Brothers offers – from newborn to toddler.  We can’t get enough of the pictured sailor collection for boys or girls!  Around for over 100 years, this brand offers elegant and unique take-home attire, layette, holy occasion gowns and accessories, holiday and special occasion wear.  Little Listers can score a $10 coupon with code LLIST10 (and there’s also a 20% coupon popping up for new e-mail subscribers!)  Score a great outfit?  Tag us at @little_list on IG – we’d love to check it out! Shop this Collection! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Shop this Collection! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Featured Find: Exclusive Gerber Childrenswear site-wide discount + FLASH SALE! As we start to truly nest for babies #2, we’ve been giving cloth diapers some thought.  Gerber Childrenswear recently launched its brand-new It’s A Snap! All-in-One Reusable Cloth Diaper, which we understand combines the fit of disposables with the convenience, cost-savings and comfort of cotton in a one-size, snap closure diaper.  These eco-friendly diapers are for babies 8 to 30 pounds and have a waterproof outer cover and 100% cotton liner and optional inserts for added absorbency and protection.  Prices start at $13.99 and for the next four days, Little Listers score an exclusive 20% off site-wide with code LITTLE20. And set your calendars! Tomorrow only, Gerber Childrenswear has a one-day online flash sale, offering 40% off all diapering site wide. Flash sale cannot be combined with Little List promo code. Expires: This Deal has Expired Shop this Collection! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Shop this Collection! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Sale! One of our fave baby toys ever drops to $29 shipped! If you’ve been following us for awhile, you already know that this is one of our favorite and most highly recommended baby products.  Our girls played with their Fisher-Price Kick and Play Piano Gyms for at least a year… and it brought so much fun!  We’ve bought it as a baby gift, recommended it in our little lists to our readers, and constantly hear the same review from friends.  We are thrilled to see this price drop (a great price), which also applies to the pink version. $54.00 $29.00 Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Highly demanded Graco 4Ever Extend2Fit All in One Convertible Car Seat drops to $244! This super popular Graco 4Ever Extend2Fit All in One Convertible car seat is one of our most requested deals, and it hardly ever drops this low.  In fact, $244 is the lowest price ever on Amazon!  If you are in the market, snag it up, as we don’t know when the price will go up… and its retail price is $350! Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Sale! Princess Castle Play Tent for just $15 shipped! We can’t even believe the deal on this adorable play tent!  We have this exact tent and it has provided hours (upon hours) of fun for our little ones… and we paid full price.  It’s only $15 shipped, but we never know when the price will go back up!  What a perfect gift for a friend or a surprise for your little one. $39.00 $15.00 Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Sale! Step2 Splash N Scoop Bay: $33 shipped! We’ve been on the hunt for some great water tables (after SO many requests!)  This one is an excellent deal and can be used as water table only, or a water and sand table.  We are big fans of Step2 and its water tables.  As this deal is on Amazon, we don’t know how long it will last… so order quickly if this one is for you! $50.00 $33.00 Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Sale! KidKraft Backyard Sandbox: $100 shipped! This adorable KidKraft sandbox (which originally retails for $300) drops to $102 and ships free via Amazon.  This is an awesome (and nice looking) toy addition to your backyard for lots of summer fun.  We purchase our sand at Home Depot, which offers big bags for super cheap! $300.00 $102.00 Make it Mine! Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product Make it Mine! Details Share On Facebook Tweet This Product Pin This Product Mail This Product 1 2 3 4 … 10 11 12 Next Featured Find EXTRA 20% off pediped shoe sale through 8/23: Just in time for back to school! Girls Clothing, Boys Clothing Exclusive deal on YouthfulNest’s virtual interior design: it’s your turn! Furniture & Decor Shopping Inspiration The Best Gift List EVER: Ages 1-2 read more The Best Gift List EVER: Ages 2-3 read more The Best Shoes for Little Feet this Fall and Winter read more Holiday Gift Ideas Under $25 read more Nuna Brand Highlight (Pipa car seat, Mixx stroller + Sena playard) read more Start Your Shopping Here about us Welcome to Little List! We believe in saving moms time and money without sacrificing quality or style. It’s our goal to bring a single destination for moms to discover new and unique, high-quality products and deals on all the essentials for raising a family. Read more about us Get Featured connect Copyright 2015 Little List | All Rights Reserved | User Agreements and Disclaimers | website: 2 Twins Design FacebookTwitterPinterestRssInstagramEmail
