Notebooks.com: Laptop and MacBook reviews, news and comparisons. Notebook buying advice and guides. Search Deals Reviews How To Contact/Tips Lenovo Flex 11 Chromebook Review: Rugged and Durable Lenovo made the Lenovo Flex 11 Chromebook for the modern two-in-one laptop market with a screen that will swivel back into tablet mode useful for the Google Pla... 2017 Razer Blade Stealth Gains Bigger Display, Stealthier Design The new Razer Blade Stealth arrives with a bigger display option and a new optional under the radar design that will help you blend in at the office if you don'... 2017 MacBook Pro Updated with Kaby Lake and Lower Price At WWDC 2017 Apple announced an update to the 2017 MacBook Pro lineup, putting the faster and more efficient Kaby Lake processor in the laptop. The entry point ... How to Control macOS Notification Center If you own a MacBook or Mac desktop running macOS, the macOS Notification Center offers some interesting tools and features to help you get work done quickly. U... 10 Windows 10 Start Menu Tips to Master Your PC The Windows 10 Start Menu looks a lot like the one that came with Windows 8, but it's a big departure from the Windows 7 and earlier Start Menus. In this round-... How to Save $1040 with 6 Windows Apps We all love free Windows apps, but windows apps that also save you a lot of money are even better. These 6 Windows apps will save you $1,040 since you can avoid... Acer TravelMate Spin B1 Revealed: a Durable Convertible Acer just announced the new Acer TravelMate Spin B1, a notebook with a durable design and 360-degree convertible laptop. This versatile laptop for consumers inc... How to Check For and Remove Mac Malware Here is a guide on how to detect Mac malware and safely remove it from your computer. Malware is a malicious piece of software that is intended to harm your ... How to Edit Photos Fast on a Mac Here is a guide on how to edit photos fast on a Mac using the Preview application. When we are on the go with our laptop computers, often times we may need t... How to Remote Access a Mac from Another Computer Here is a guide on how to remote access a Mac from another computer to get your files, to complete a task using a more powerful computer or simply a program tha... How to Fix Startup Disk is Full Error on Your Mac Here is a guide on how to resolve the “startup disk is full” error on your Mac computer. The error for Startup Disk being full can definitely be an annoyance... How to Create Encrypted Disk Images in MacOS Here is a guide on how to create encrypted disk images in MacOS to backup or store files in a secure fashion. When we store data on our Mac computers, we pre... How to Use Tags in macOS Sierra to Stay Organized Here is a guide on how to keep your files organized using tags in macOS Sierra. When filing away our various documents or media content, we often times forge... How to Make a Bootable External Mac Hard Drive Here is a guide on how to create a bootable external Mac hard drive to run macOS from an external hard drive. There are quite a few reasons for why you may w... How to Fix Mac Keyboard Keys That Have Fallen Off Here are the steps to take in order to fix Mac keyboard keys that have fallen off your MacBook, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air or Apple Bluetooth keyboard. At some... How to Use MacOS Smart Folders Here is a guide on how to setup and use macOS Smart Folders to stay organized in macOS Sierra. Folders are the main basis for file storage and when we are tr... How to Setup Parental Controls on MacOS Sierra Here is a guide on how to setup Parental Controls on MacOS to prepare your Mac for kids. When we use our machines in a household with multiple users or more ... Acer Spin 7 Laptop Review: Thin and Powerful Convertible People looking for an ultra thin and ultra-portable convertible laptop should take a close look at the Acer Spin 7. The 14-inch full HD screen fits inside a 13-... CES 2017 Notebooks.com Excellence Awards: The Best New Notebooks & Accessories Every year, technology companies flock to the hotels and casinos of Las Vegas, Nevada to show off their latest devices at CES 2017. Also every year, the staff o... With the Dell Canvas, Anyone Can Have a Surface Studio At its first Surface reveal, Microsoft maintained that it started making hardware so that companies that build Windows devices could later rally around its visi... Next Page »
