ProtectiveDiet.com - Nutritional Intervention for Optimal Health Login/My Profile Home Getting Started Shop Testimonials Recipes FAQ Free Content Recipe Search Cuisine Types: American , Asian , Caribbean , Dog Food , German , Greek , Indian , Italian , Jewish , Mexican , Middle Eastern , Peruvian , Polish , Puerto Rican , Scottish , Southwestern , Spanish , Swedish , Vietnamese Recipe Types: Baked Goods , Beverages , Breakfast , Condiments , Cooking Videos , Free Recipes , Freezer Friendly , Game Day , Gluten Free , Holiday and Party , Hot Stuff , Kids , Lifestyle , Premium Recipes , Pressure Cooker , Quick Prep , Salads & Dressings , Set It & Forget It , Slow Cooker , Soup & Stew , Starters & Snacks , Summertime , Treats Most Rated Chickpea Cucumber Salad Free PD... This Middle Eastern inspired salad... Education for Optimal Health Lifestyle guidance, support & plant-based recipes the entire family will love Flatbread Sub Sandwich Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) A plant-based guide sharing the art of assembling an unforgettable submarine sandwich with outstanding food quality, complete with options to keep it simple or layer it Dagwood Style. ... Read more Sushi Roll Bowl Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) I'm a huge fan of the high-energy feeling that follows enjoying a beautiful platter of healthy vegan sushi rolls, but I'm not a fan of the hefty price, ... Read more Panzanella Salad Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) Panzanella is commonly served at the peak of summer when tomatoes are vine ripened and cucumbers are abundant is the perfect time to toss together this classic Italian ... Read more Stuffed Plum Tomatoes Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) Traditionally filled with tangy goat cheese, fresh herbs and topped with Parmesan breadcrumbs, this classic summertime dinner party favorite was in desperate need of a Protective Diet makeover. ... Read more Better Than Bacon Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) I’ve heard many say they are vegan, except for bacon. I just can’t seem to get my mind around watching people eat animal fat without fearing for their ... Read more Roasted Pomodoro Sauce Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) This sweet, roasted tomato sauce has a mild garlic flavor and is perfect to prepare at the end of the summer when tomatoes are abundant and garden herbs ... Read more Creamy Cucumber Salad Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) Many have enjoyed the original full-fat and dairy-rich version of this salad prepared by their Grandmothers. With modern-day science, research has shown that dairy promotes cancer cell ... Read more Bruschetta Premium PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) Enjoy the summer’s bounty of garden-ripe tomatoes with a fresh Italian twist. This topping is free of body-fat-promoting olive oil and cheese toppers of the traditional version. ... Read more Zucchini Bread Free PD Recipe Average Rating: (4.9 / 5) This satisfyingly simple sugar free health bread recipe is a perfect treat served with tea or for breakfast. This guilt free recipe has been created for you ... Read more Guiltless Chocolate Banana Ice Cream Free PD Recipe Average Rating: (5 / 5) This creamy frozen treat is all of the yum and none of the guilt, while providing nutrients to benefit your health. Read more Protection for Humans, Animals & Our Planet Recent PD-Ed Webcasts Class #183 – Batch Cooking Can Stall Weight Loss August 15, 2017Idle time and ready made meals can reduce satiation, numbing your body’s natural calorie tracker sabotaging your ability to practice Mindful Eating. Class #182 – A Summer Day Eating PD August 8, 2017This is how we do it Class #181 – Keep It Out & Keep It Off August 1, 2017Stress-free optimal health maintenance with a sustainable practice. Class #180 – Co-cooking Italian “Sausage” and Sweet Peppers July 25, 2017Cook along with Julie Marie Class #179 – Weekend of Wellness July 18, 2017Detoxify your body and home for stress-free success Class #178 – All Natural Cleaning July 11, 2017Make your home a safe zone, eliminate toxins, protect your endothelium and improve air quality Class #177 – Annual Halftime Checkin June 27, 2017Time to reflect and regroup to achieve annual goals Class #176 – PD Picnic Packing June 20, 2017Make and take sub-sandwiches to improve food quality and savings Class #175 – Mastering Oil-free Grilled Pizza June 13, 2017Veggies & Plant-based pizza in minutes with PD grilling techniques. Premium Classes This Week Aug 22 Tue 7:30 pm Pre-Class Chat Pre-Class Chat Aug 22 @ 7:30 pm – 8:00 pm Come together to chat about your week and brainstorm questions to ask during class Webcasts and chats are accessed by clicking the “Classroom” tab at the top of every ProtectiveDiet.com page 8:00 pm Class #184 – Dinner with Julie Marie Class #184 – Dinner with Julie M... Aug 22 @ 8:00 pm – 9:00 pm Friends visit and ask questions over dinner with Julie Marie and Jerry Webcasts and chats are accessed by clicking the “Classroom” tab at the top of every ProtectiveDiet.com page Aug 26 Sat 10:00 am Coaching Hour Live Coaching Hour Live Aug 26 @ 10:00 am – 11:00 am This interactive live chat hour is reserved to answer PD-Ed student’s personal questions regarding the application of the Protective Diet. Julie Marie will answer questions relating to meal planning, goal setting, recipes, ingredients, challenges, or[...] View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Latest Recipes Condiments Thousand Island Dressing Premium... This low-cal oil-free plant-based remake is perfection as a special sauce sandwich spread or burger topper, zesty salad dressing or creamy fry dip to ...more Gluten Free Buffalo Buttermilk Ranch Salad... A combination of whole food plant-based ingredients dressed in PD camouflage, perfect for salad lovers in training. This recipe offers exciting familiar flavors ...more Condiments Caramelized Onions with Sweet... Using Protective Diet’s oil-free dry browning technique, we can boost flavor and add gourmet appeal to weeknight meals in minutes. This technique will ...more Game Day Italian “Sausage” Premium PD... Sweet or hot is all you needed to know when ordering sausage at an Italian market in Chicago. Served layered in a bun ...more Plant-Based Nutritional Intervention Results are typical on a Protective Diet Judi’s Testimonial About 90 days after beginning my PD journey it was time for another round of blood tests. By this time I’d lost another 30 lbs. or so, and I was not taking BP meds. My total cholesterol had dropped to 132, and I was no longer “pre-diabetic.” The nurse had taken my blood pressure (it was something like 124/72) and when the doctor came into the office and looked at my chart he commented on how things were looking really good. He commented on my blood pressure so I asked him “are those numbers satisfactory?” He said “absolutely”. I said “Awesome…because I’VE NOT TAKEN ANY BLOOD PRESSURE MEDICINE IN THE PAST 3 MONTHS”. I even showed him the app I’d been using to track my readings. He scrolled back through the days and kept shaking his head…”I’ll take these readings all day long.” I reminded him…”IT’S THE FOOD!” There are two thoughts I’ve held very close during this journey. One is a play on what Weight Watchers uses. My version is NOTHING TASTES AS GOOD AS HEALTHY FEELS (they say skinny…I think that’s the wrong message!). And the other is “WHEN THE STUDENT IS READY, THE TEACHER WILL APPEAR.” I was so ready! Thankfully, Julie appeared! Plant-Based Nutritional Intervention Results are typical on a Protective Diet Julie’s Testimonial When I started practicing a Protective Diet I quit the gym due to lack of time. The weight fell off and I could eat all the starches I adored. Sometimes I pinch myself to see if this is a dream. I’m not in the gym, I’m not counting calories and I eat until I’m full and satisfied. Soon enough my obsession with food subsided. My food addictions and constant cravings were eliminated. When I knew I could eat potatoes, rice, pasta, fresh corn tortillas, whole grain bread and fruit every day for the rest of my life, it caused me to consume less. I knew then I could look forward to eating my next meal with great satisfaction, in good health and never go to bed hungry for the rest of my sweet healthy life! I eliminated chronic pain, depression, disease, excess body fat and the struggle of maintenance with a PD. Dry Browning Storing Herbs PD-Ed: Getting Started Click to play with sound ©2017 ProtetiveDiet.com | Contact Us| Privacy Policy | Terms | Cancellations & Refunds Disclaimer Free Support Group
