SARMs Database: Selective Androgen Receptor Modulators and Bodybuilding Supplements SARMsDB Selective Androgen Receptor Modulators - Bodybuilding Supplements Your Ad Here! Home | About SARMsDB | Advertise on SARMsDB At this time, SARMS are NOT RECOMMENDED for human use. These drugs are still in the research and testing stages of development. In addition, some experimental drugs that are not SARMs are being marketed as or along with SARMs. The development of Andarine (S-4) was halted because the use of this compound caused serious disturbances in vision In 2013, the original developer discontinued GW501516 due to the discovery that during animal testing it rapidly caused cancer in multiple organs Until such issues are resolved, DO NOT USE SARMs. What are SARMs? The acronym SARM stands for Selective Androgen Receptor Modulator, a newer class of androgen receptor ligands. They are intended to have the effects as androgenic drugs like anabolic steroids but be more selective in action, allowing their use for more clinical indications than the relatively limited legitimate uses anabolic steroids are currently approved for. SARMs are designed molecules that can be delivered orally, but selectively target androgen receptors in different tissues differently. The goal is to encourage tissues that are the target to respond as they would to testosterone while other tissues where undesirable side-effects are produced will not. Thus far, the SARMs developed to selective for anabolic effects in muscle or bone tissues also produce an androgenic effects in tissues such as the prostate gland. However several non-steroidal androgens show a ratio of anabolic to androgenic effects of greater than 3:1 and up to as much as 10:1, compared to testosterone, which has a ratio of 1:1. This indicats that while SARMs are likely to show some virilizing effects when used at high doses (such as those that might be used by bodybuilders), at lower therapeutic doses may be effectively selective for anabolic effects. The first-generation SARMs developed to date are all orally active without being hepatotoxic (causing liver damage). Those anabolic steroids that aren't active orally must be injected, and those anabolic steroids that are orally active have been associated with dose-dependent liver stresas and even damage. Research into more potent and selective SARMs continues, as well as efforts to increase oral bioavailability and half-life. Since the first tissue-selective SARMs were only developed in 2003, the compounds tested so far represent only the first generation. Future development may produce more selective agents compared to those available at present. Articles and Information The following are links to various articles with information about SARMs and other supplements SARMs Research and Information Articles Anabolic and Androgenic Effects Whey versus Casein Protein: What's the Difference? Nolvadex vs. Clomid for PCT Aromasin (Exemestane) Nolvadex (Tamoxifen Citrate) What is ZMA? Does ZMA Boost Test? OTC PCT (Over the Counter Post Cycle Therapy) What is Post Cycle Therapy (PCT)? What is a SERM? Nolvadex and Chlomid Explained What is: Aromatase and Aromatase Inhibitors What is Anabolic:Androgenic Ratio? SARMS SARMs (selective androgen receptor modulators) are a newer class of androgen receptor ligands. They are supposed to have the same kind of effects as anabolic steroids but be much more selective in their action. SARMs provide the opportunity to design molecules that can be delivered orally, but that selectively target the androgen receptors in different tissues differently. The goal of research in this area is to allow a customized response: Tissues that are the target of the therapy will respond as they would to testosterone; other tissues where undesirable side-effects are produced will not. Anabolicum (LGD-4033), CARDAR1NE, Element SARMs S4 (Andarine), Elite SR-9099, GW-501516 (Cardarine), MK-2866 (Ostarine), Nutrobal (MK-677), OSTAR1NE, RAD-140, S4 (Andarine), SARM: LGD, SARM:MK, SARMs-S4, Tri-SARM Main Navigation All Supplements All Compounds/Ingredients Articles/Information Categories SARMS Sponsors   Your Link or Banner Here! Privacy/Terms of Use | Advertise on SARMsDB | Contact SARMsDB SARMsDB, your source for SARMs and bodybuilding supplement information
