Sawdust Girl® - Build like a Girl® Sawdust Girl® Build like a Girl® Home Projects and Plans Remodeling Tips Tool Tutorials and Reviews My Home About Me Sawdust Diaries Mentorship Program Schedule a Consultation Build like a Girl® T-Shirts E-books and Plans My Account Checkout Sandra August 21, 2017 Speed Clip Tape Measure Holder This Speed Clip Tape Measure Holder from FastCap clips on your belt to hold your tape measure and pencil.  This a simple and inexpensive accessory is a workshop favorite! Bonus: it has a built-in pencil sharpener so you're never stuck with a dull pencil, rummaging through your storage drawers Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Tools, Workshop Favs Tagged With: speed clip, tape measure holder Leave a Comment Sandra August 18, 2017 Pretty Bedroom Makeover Reveal – Small Bedroom Ideas Madison's pretty bedroom re-do is complete!  Decorating this small bedroom was a challenge so we made the most of every inch of space by using beautiful and functional decor.  Upcycling Madison's old daybed was a great choice for this small bedroom.  It has a small footprint but big impact and lots Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Madison's Room Tagged With: pretty bedroom, small bedroom 10 Comments Julie Anderson August 16, 2017 Pretty Bedroom Vanity Makeover This little vanity makeover is the perfect glamorous touch for Madison's pretty bedroom redo.  DIYing the legs let us customize the height and it saved us a bundle of cash! Madison knew she wanted a vanity area in her new bedroom so it was a priority on our shopping list. Unfortunately, Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Madison's Room Tagged With: pretty bedroom, small bedroom, Vanity Makeover 3 Comments Julie Anderson August 14, 2017 DIY Wall Decor Art Idea- Upcycled Headboard DIY wall decor art idea from an upcycled headboard. This is a fun, inexpensive, easy DIY that adds architectural interest to any room. Maddison's bed turned out fabulous; and the added posters defined a large wall space that was a perfect opportunity for some overscale DIY wall decor. We wanted Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts Tagged With: art ideas, DIY, DIY wall decor, upcycled headboard Leave a Comment Sandra August 11, 2017 Upcycle a Daybed for an Oh-So-Pretty Bedroom Small bedroom woes? Here is a pretty bedroom upcycle idea:  Salvaged table legs and finials to take this daybed from ho-hum to grown up glam. With ample room for storage underneath and a small footprint with lots of wow, its the perfect bed for a small bedroom. Upcycle a daybed for a small Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, DIY Tutorials, Madison's Room, Project tutorials Tagged With: pretty bedroom, small bedroom, Upcycled day bed, upcycling ideas 3 Comments Sandra August 9, 2017 How to Build a Curved Floating Desk I built a curved floating desk in Madison's bedroom and I LOVE how it turned out!  The niche are was original to the house and we previously filled it with a hutch (that we bought 3 houses ago), because it fit the space.  But I'm a big fan of built-ins so I made that part of the plan for this Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, DIY, DIY Tutorials, Floating Shelves, Madison's Room, Project tutorials, Work in Progress 15 Comments Sandra August 7, 2017 Madison’s Bedroom Re-Do Madison's World Map bedroom is getting a complete re-do with this jack and jill bathroom remodel.   Julie and I installed plywood plank walls, planked the ceiling and added crown moulding.  I also built floating shelves and a curved desk in the niche area. (I'll be showing you how I created that Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Madison's Room, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Sandra August 4, 2017 Must Have Remodeling Tools This is my list of must have remodeling tools that I have discovered over the years that make remodeling cleaner, safer, faster and just plain more fun!  Affiliate links included. Since I am still dealing with the after effects of Poopmageddon, I though I would share my list of must have Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Remodeling 101, Tools Tagged With: Power Tools, Remodel, Remodeling, Safety Equipment, Tools Sandra August 3, 2017 Gadgets for the New Carpenter I covered all the power tools I use on a regular basis in my Power Tools for the New Carpenter post.  There are a few other tools and gadgets I use when building cabinets and buit-ins that help me get professional results.  If you are a new carpenter and want to have everything on hand for that next Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Cabinet Making 101, Tools, Workshop Favs Tagged With: Tools, Workshop Favs Sandra July 31, 2017 Repaired but not fixed — plumbing issues continued Fair warning:  This post might be even more gross than the last.  I can't tell any more.  My gross meter has been maxed out since last Wednesday so I'm desensitized to it all. Well, the plumber came out and cleared the clogged drain line which was packed full of toilet paper.  He then scoped the Continue Reading Filed Under: Basement, Hall Bath, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Sandra July 28, 2017 Sewer Pipe Failure – Round 2! *Fair warning, this post is about toilets and toilet waste.  All potty talk! This is NOT the bathroom post I wanted to be writing today but when sh*t happens, you have deal with it.  And I'm dealing with literal sh*t -- in the same place for the second time in months!  For real~ A few months ago Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Basement, Hall Bath, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Sandra July 7, 2017 Tiling the Shower – Bathroom Update I was looking forward to tiling the shower after installing the shower pan and waterproof shower wall board. I thought it would take a day or two.  It might have --except for the fact that I installed 100 niches!  Madison is really excited about all the storage in those niches though!  No more Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Tagged With: Bathroom Sandra July 6, 2017 Waterproof Shower Wall Board Installation Bathroom progress... Slow and steady wins the race?  After letting the mortar set up on the tile ready shower pan, it was time to move on to the waterproof shower wall board installation. I'm using HYDRO BAN board from LATICRETE.  It's a high-density, reinforced polystyrene core with Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, DIY Tutorials, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Remodeling 101, Work in Progress Sandra July 5, 2017 Tile Ready Shower Pan Installation When I started this bathroom remodel, I knew I wanted a tile shower including the shower floor.  My choices were to either build my own mud shower pan, or find a tile ready shower pan.  I didn't want to try to build a mud pan so I quickly began the search for a tile ready shower pan.  I spent some Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, DIY, DIY Tutorials, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Remodeling 101, Work in Progress Sandra July 3, 2017 Plywood Plank Walls – Creating V Groove Planks I'm installing plywood plank walls in the Jack and Jill bathroom as well as both bedrooms in my current remodeling project.  I'm using the same technique I used on my studio ceiling to achieve the look of 3/4" V groove, tongue and groove, Pine planks. The underlayment was about on fourth the Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, DIY Tutorials, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Remodeling 101, Tennessee House, wainscoting Tagged With: Plank Walls Sandra June 27, 2017 How to Install a Wood Floor with Tile Inlay Today I'm sharing how I installed a wood floor with tile inlay in the vanity area of my Jack and Jill bathroom. I'm using the same product and technique to install tile flush with hardwood that I shared in my last post.   If you've been following me for long, you know I don't love my red oak Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Flooring, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Tagged With: flooring, tiling Sandra June 26, 2017 How to Install Tile Flush with Hardwood Floors Today I'm sharing how to install tile flush with hardwood floors, like I did in my bathroom.  Can you believe the Jack and Jill bathroom finally has floors?  I'm making slow but steady progress.  The vanity area of the bathroom has a combination of hardwood and tile.  The room that contains the Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, DIY Tutorials, Flooring, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Tile Sandra June 21, 2017 My Next BIG Project with PURPLE XP® Drywall If you missed my last post...long story short: I'm giving myself 6 months to FINISH all of my unfinished projects! It's a tight deadline-- but occasionally I leave my house for a few days to go learn about new tools or products. Part of what I do as a "Pro Remodeler" blogger/YouTuber is learn about Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Drywall Tagged With: Drywall Sandra June 20, 2017 Me, My Sister and the “6 Month Plan”! Howdy, y'all! It's been a while.  I feel like I'm barely keeping my nose above water where my projects are concerned. The Jack and Jill bathroom remodel is taking forever to complete and the tools and materials for that project are ALL over the place! Normally, my projects just get overwhelming Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts Sandra June 2, 2017 Water Closet Doors-way After taking a two day "learning expedition" installing door #1 (out of 4), I began door #2 armed with all the door installation knowledge I needed to get this one right... in one try! First, I checked to make sure I didn't have any "cross-legging" issues.  I should be completely square, plumb, Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Sandra May 29, 2017 The Door Thief – bathroom progress Installing doors is one of my least favorite jobs.  It's difficult.  I know it's not difficult or loathed by everyone.  But I LOATHE it.  But, there are four doors I need to install in this bathroom at some time. I've put it off as long as possible but it seems that time has finally arrived. Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Work in Progress Sandra May 21, 2017 Wardrobe Cabinets for Bedroom 2 The wardrobe cabinets for Guest Bedroom 2 are each 32" wide and 9' tall.  It's not a ton of space but these two bedrooms are small.  The new closet sizes are more proportionate to the bedrooms now.  They are both guest rooms for us.  Smaller closets and a larger bathroom is the perfect situation for Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Sandra April 28, 2017 Linen Cabinet and Bedroom Closet The adventure continues...I have had a LOT of hick-ups of late.  It happens.  Usually not quite as often as it has been lately but it is what it is.  Figure out a solution and move on.  That's all you can do. The new closet for "Bedroom 1" is a 48" wide built-in wardrobe.  First I built a 2x6 Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Tennessee House, Work in Progress Sandra April 21, 2017 Bathroom Vanity Progress I've been building tons of cabinets for the jack and jill bathroom .   The bathroom vanity is five cabinets joined together into one giant beast.  Hoisting that up onto the base by myself was a chore.  Especially since I'm still not back to 100% good health.  My respiratory virus has somehow Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, My Home, Tennessee House Tagged With: Bathroom Sandra March 24, 2017 Flatback Measuring Tape – workshop fav I previously shared a post about my favorite tape measure, the lefty-righty.  I've recently discovered a new favorite, the Flatback measuring tape.  I consider this another "must have" woodworking and cabinet making tool. I still love my lefty-righty and use it a TON but I use it more for Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Tool Basics, Tools, Workshop Favs Tagged With: Tools, Workshop Favs Sandra March 20, 2017 Bathroom Renovation Update – part 7 Hi guys!  Life has been a bit crazy since my last post, 6 weeks ago.  I've been working on my bathroom renovation but I've not been functioning at 100%.  Long story short... First, I had some excruciating pain in my abdomen that resulted in a trip to the ER. (I've been having similar pain for the Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Work in Progress Tagged With: Bathroom, Renovation Sandra February 9, 2017 Jack and Jill Bathroom Update – week 6 So it's been six weeks since I started this project and it's finally turned the corner and taking shape.  The whole space is framed now and it's time to patch the floors and sheetrock the walls. Before patching the floors, I tied into the existing HVAC vent so I could get a toekick vent under Continue Reading Filed Under: Jack and Jill Bathroom, Work in Progress Sandra January 11, 2017 Jack and Jill Bathroom – Framing Hi all! I've finished most of the framing for the Jack and Jill Bathroom.   I still need to install the pocket door kit but the rest of this space is done.   It was super difficult to frame the long walls because the space is so small.  I like to frame a wall on the floor, then lift it up into Continue Reading Filed Under: All Posts, Jack and Jill Bathroom, Work in Progress Next Page» Shop with Me! Build like a GIRL® T-Shirts Tools I Use or Tools I Want My Work Wear Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * Select list(s): Everything DIY Tutorials My Home - Project Updates Tool Reviews Giveaways Personal Posts My Latest Videos Popular Posts Legal Stuff Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclosure Copyright © 2011- 2017 · Sawdust Girl · Design By Creative Kristi Designs · 2015 Development by Sweet Theory Designs · Login Return to top of page Stay in the Loop! Receive an email when I publish a new post. SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed! You can change your email preference at any time. Pin It on Pinterest
