Tech Powered Math: Graphing Calculator Reviews, Data Science, Math Education Technology Home Data Graphing Calculator Reviews TI Lessons TI-Nspire Lessons TI-84 Lessons News Apps Fun stuff Ebooks Software reviews Gadgets Sitemap Please like TPM on Facebook Search Tech Powered Math Search Follow Me My First Book Released Want to learn how to use your new TI-Nspire? My book,The TI-Nspire for Beginners, is now available at Amazon for the Kindle, iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac for just $3.99. It's been updated for the 2016-17 school year, and is designed for students and teachers. Recent Posts Retro Game Retrieval Engine Design Back2School with Vectors, Cosine Similarity, and Word2Vec A New Introduction to Spark 2.1 Dataframes with Python and MLlib New Contest: Texas Instruments & NASA “Search for STEMnauts” HP Prime Free Smartphone App Popular Posts TI-84 Plus CE Review TI-Nspire CX Review TI-84 vs. TI-Nspire CX Review The Best Graphing Calculators for School 2017 Calculators for the SAT Please Subscribe to My Newsletter I only email about once a month,I will not share your email address with anyone else, and you can unsubscribe at any time. * indicates required Email Address * Retro Game Retrieval Engine Design I’ve got a new Shiny web app that I've embedded on another site where I'm doing some experimental … [more] Back2School with Vectors, Cosine Similarity, and Word2Vec Tomorrow, I’ll be making a return visit to the high school where I spent a decade in the mathemati… [more] A New Introduction to Spark 2.1 Dataframes with Python and MLlib A couple of years ago, when I was in the midst of my rookie year as a data scientist, I wrote a blo… [more] Retro Game Retrieval Engine Design July 18, 2017 I’ve got a new Shiny web app that I've embedded on another site where I'm doing some experimental … [more] Back2School with Vectors, Cosine Similarity, and Word2Vec May 11, 2017 Tomorrow, I’ll be making a return visit to the high school where I spent a decade in the mathemati… [more] A New Introduction to Spark 2.1 Dataframes with Python and MLlib May 3, 2017 A couple of years ago, when I was in the midst of my rookie year as a data scientist, I wrote a blo… [more] New Contest: Texas Instruments & NASA “Search for STEMnauts” April 24, 2017 Texas Instruments just launched a new contest that's definitely worth taking a look at if you are a … [more] HP Prime Free Smartphone App March 29, 2017 For those of you haven't heard the news yet, HP recently released a new free version of the app bas… [more] TI-Innovator Ranger Demo and Code March 6, 2017 A few weeks back, I added my review of the TI-Innovator. I had a couple of demos in that review, and… [more] Graphing Calculator Reviews Check out my reviews of these popular graphing calculators: TI-Nspire CX Review  TI-89 Titanium Review  TI-84+ Review  Casio Prizm Review  TI-Nspire CX vs TI-84+  TI-Nspire CX CAS vs TI-89 Titanium  Copyright © 2016 Tech Powered Math | About Lucas Allen | Disclosure | Privacy Policy/TOS | DMCA Compliance Lucas Allen is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. View Full Site
