Collectible Toys Archive & Value Guide with Checklist   Toy Archive  Collections  Reading  Login  Online Toy Price Guide & Toy Archive Last Refresh: 12-27-2014 Beta Site Search toyworth Tweet  Follow @Toy_Worth He Man (12 Back) The "12 Back" He man figure has the phrase "The Original", on the front of the card. Optimus Prime Includes: 2 Fists, Roller (issued in blue or gray), Hose and Nozzle, Laser Blaster, 4 Rockets, Fuel Pump * Be aware of possible counterfeit reissues of this item. Baracula The line of Presidential Monsters action figures is a hilarious and welcome addition to the category of monster toys. Talking KITT 2000 This final model, sold by Kenner Toys and dubbed the "Knight Rider Voice Car", spoke electronically (actual voice of William Daniels), featured a detailed interior and a Michael Knight action figure as well Batman: The Animated Series Shortly after the 1992 premiere of Batman: The Animated Series, Kenner produced a line of figures based on the new cartoon. Like the previous two Batman movie lines, the first few lines of figures included several versions of Batman, and also included multiple versions of Robin and new villains including Clayface, Scarecrow, Poison Ivy, and others. In 1993, another Batman movie was released, an animated feature film called Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. Kenner produced Mask of the Phantasm figures using old Batman: T.A.S. molds and only a few new sculpts such as Jet Pack Joker and Phantasm. Vlix (Brazil Package) *Beware of many custom figures out in the market. In 1988, Glasslite of Brazil issued remaining Kenner stock and produced a very limited run of remaining Return of the Jedi and Droids toys from a sell off. Certain vehicles and action figures were issued by the company in new packaging. The character Vlix (Tig Fromm's henchman) was an action figure exclusive from unused molds by Kenner. Like the reminder of the Glasslite line, very few were made, even less were sold and most were recycled due to the failing economy when money was tight across the country. Twiki Twiki is voiced by Mel Blanc (who had previously voiced Daffy Duck as Duck Dodgers in spoofs of the early Buck Rogers and other science fiction serials). Twiki became Buck's comic sidekick and tended to express himself with an electronic noise. Wonder Woman Action Feature: Power Action Deflector Bracelets Psylocke (X Force) This X-Force Psylocke variant is considered to be one of the rarest Marvel Legends figures. Nocturnal Fire Boxed Set (Night Force) The boxed set consists of 15 figures: Hit and Run, Repeater, Charbroil, Muskrat, Psyche Out, Spearhead and Max, Saw Viper (x3), Frag Viper (x3), Letal, Cobra Mortal and Crimson Asp.  Spotlight  Robotech Returns in Crossover Comic with Voltron! "Robotech and Voltron are two of the most recognizable anime series that defined '80s pop culture," says Tommy Yune, creative director at Harmony Gold and mastermind behind the upcoming crossover. Marvel Legends: Marvel Unlimited Plus Exclusive Gold Ultron Marvel Legends: Marvel Unlimited Plus Exclusive Gold Ultron Ron Paul Action Figure Dolls! “I would say that I'm pretty mainstream.”~Ron Paul Ron Paul ...and Joe Rogan? The Robotech Academy needs you via KickStarter! Robotech introduced us to an amazing storyline full of rich characters combined with cool transforming robots! Share Toyworth on Facebook Share Get Toyworth News! Add My E-Mail Address  Featured YouTube Toy Reviewers: Sean Long and ShartimusPrime  Return To Top of Page (C) Copyright 2012 ADL Group Sacramento, California USA Home  About  Contact   powered by wares123 technologies Verify Our SSL Certificate
