Beginner Violin Tips - Your One-Stop Beginner Violin Resource Home Step-By-Step Guide About Blog Contact Beginner Violin Tips Featured Tips Step-By-Step Guide How to Read Sheet Music for Beginner Violin Recent Tips The Best Beginner Violin Sheet Music How to Build Violin Calluses Quickly, Minimize Finger Pain, and Prevent Blisters Pizzicato – How to Get Faster and Avoid Hurting Yourself Fingerings – How to Read Sheet Music Open Strings – How to Read Sheet Music Learn to Read Sheet Music Fast Clef – How to Read Sheet Music Style Markings – How to Read Sheet Music Tempo – How to Read Sheet Music Dynamics – How to Read Sheet Music >> Previous Tips Tips by Category Community Resources Essential Equipment Performance Tips Violin Accessories Violin Care and Maintenance Violin Lessons Violin Sheet Music Online Beginner Violin Training Center Welcome to Beginner Violin Tips! We have everything you need to make your life easier as you go from a violin beginner to a skilled and budding violinist. Not sure where to start?  Check out our popular free Step-By-Step Beginner Violin Guide! Just some of the helpful things you’ll find here are: What to look for when you buy violin packages Comprehensive list of everything you’ll need for beginning violin Detailed beginner violin training and violin maintenance tips Helpful violin accessories and resources Beginner Violin Tips Congratulations on deciding to become a violinist! We’re here to make the process as easy as possible for you. We know that there is a ton of information available to you on the internet about how to learn violin, however not all of it is organized and easy to understand. We’re breaking everything down for you in an easy to follow, step-by-step process so you can get started as soon as possible. It’s a great time to be a violin beginner; the barriers to entry to start learning have never been lower, with more affordable instruments and equipment available, as well as the many great learning resources we’ll introduce you to here on this site. How to Learn Violin The first thing you should do is make sure that beginning violin is the right thing for you. There are many instruments available that you could learn, so check out some of the resources on this site to make sure the violin is the right place for you to invest your time and energy. Beginning violin is difficult! Unlike some other instruments, it can take several months before you start to develop a good tone on the violin. The key is not to get discouraged during this initial period. To see an overview of what’s involved, check out our Beginner Violin Step-By-Step Guide. Next, you need to learn about how to make sense of your options when Buying a Beginner Violin. Violins range hugely in price and quality, so this article will guide you through how to pick a violin that is right for you. The next step is to decide your Beginner Violin Training Program. This can be different depending on your goals and previous experience, whether you already know how to read violin sheet music, etc. We’ll take you through it step-by-step. Good luck, and remember that we are here for you every step of the way! Share this: Facebook Twitter Email Print More Reddit Search for: Who We Are Nearly 30 years of string instrument experience. We grew up playing stringed instruments. Most of the information about beginner violin on the internet is poorly organized. So, we'll help give you the knowledge and resources to learn beginner violin fast! More About Us Subscribe to our mailing list Home Step-By-Step Guide About Blog Contact Privacy Policy 2017 © Beginner Violin Tips Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
