Make Tech Easier - Computer Tutorials, Tips and Tricks <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TWHV4J" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Skip to content Search Sign In My Favorites Sign up or login to view your favorites! Log in or login with Facebook Google Forgot your password? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Premium How-To Categories Windows Linux Mac Mobile Android iOS Web Browsers WordPress Gadgets Hardware Guides How Things Work All Categories Series Uderstanding Android ROM Apache Server Guide Hardware Buying Guide iOS Beginner Guide Windows Alternative Apps Linux Desktop Themes Mastering WordPress Mastering RAID  All Series Software ebooks Deals Giveaway More About Us About Us RSS Feed Terms Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise with us Terms of Service Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Youtube Hi there, Log in | Sign up Section Windows Linux Mac Mobile Android iOS Internet Browsers WordPress Gadgets Hardware Guides How Things Work All Categories Sites MTE Premium Software Discovery Ebooks Deals About Us About Us Advertise with us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service RSS Feed Terms 6 of the Best Kodi Add-ons for Happy Streamers How to Save Data When Using Your Favorite Social Media Apps 5 of the Best Workout Apps for Fitness Freaks Latest Articles Wpbasin WordPress Power Pack Bundle It can be a little overwhelming to start a new WordPress site with so much to do. Wpbasin WordPress Power Pack Bundle helps you through that process. Laura Tucker | Aug 21, 2017 | Deals 10 Hidden Tips and Tricks for Samsung Galaxy S8 Other than the world’s first Infinity Screen, Samsung Galaxy S8 also comes with many unique abilities. Learn some of the hidden tips and tricks for Galaxy S8 here. Sponsored Nicholas Godwin | Aug 21, 2017 | Android How to Fix “No Route to Host” Connection Error in Linux “No Route To Host” is a tough problem to diagnose. There could be any number of things causing it. Try these tips to help solve the problem. Nick Congleton | Aug 21, 2017 | Linux How to Fix the Windows 10 Automatic Repair Loop The Automatic Repair Loop in Windows 10 can be one of the most frustrating things to happen. Here are some ways to fix the repair loop issue. Robert Zak | Aug 20, 2017 | Windows Various Ways to Take a Screenshot in Windows 10 without Third-Party Apps There are plenty of ways to capture the screen in Windows. Find out how you can take screenshots in Windows 10 without third-party apps. Ryan Lynch | Aug 20, 2017 | Windows Your Guide to Popular Video Container Formats and Codecs Videos come with a wide variety of extensions, and it can be confusing. Use this guide to get a handle on popular video container formats and compression codecs. Alexander Fox | Aug 19, 2017 | How Things Work Giveaway OnePlus Microphone Stand Review and Giveaway If you own a Yeti microphone or other desktop condenser microphone, the OnePlus microphone stand is most definitely worthwhile to invest in. Check out its review here. Corbin Telligman | Aug 17, 2017 | Gadgets Latest Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to KDE Derrik Diener | Mar 17, 2017 | Linux The Beginner’s Guide to Linux Command Line Himanshu Arora | Dec 15, 2016 | Linux The Complete Windows 10 Customization Guide Simon Batt | Nov 28, 2016 | Windows Building Interactive Longform Storytelling Contents on WordPress Jeffry Thurana | Nov 20, 2016 | WordPress More ebooks »» Software Discovery adx Free Address Book Contacts Express Open Contacts More software »» 6 of the Best Kodi Add-ons for Happy Streamers Kodi has risen to be one of the most popular apps you can get for your Smart TV and mobile devices. Here’s our list of the best Kodi add-ons. Robert Zak | Aug 19, 2017 | Software Tools How to Prevent Files from Showing Up in Media Players in Android You often see unwanted audio files showing up in your Music app in Android. Here is how you can prevent files from being indexed by your media player. Vamsi Krishna | Aug 19, 2017 | Android How to Save Data When Using Your Favorite Social Media Apps If you are a heavy social media user and only have a finite amount of cellular data, learn how you can save data when using your favorite social media apps. Ryan Lynch | Aug 18, 2017 | Mobile 5 of the Best Workout Apps for Fitness Freaks Whether you’re trimming down or bulking up, here are 5 of the best workout apps for your mobile to get you on the road to getting ripped. Robert Zak | Aug 18, 2017 | Android Start Building with the Raspberry Pi Mastery Bundle If you have an interest in building your own projects, you may want to take a thorough look at this deal: The Raspberry Pi Mastery Bundle. Laura Tucker | Aug 18, 2017 | Deals 3 Free Color-Picker Tools for the Linux Desktop There are several ways to pick colors on the Linux desktop; here are 3 free useful color picker tools for Linux that will get the job done for you. Ayo Isaiah | Aug 18, 2017 | Linux How to View and Revert Changes Made in Google Docs If someone has edited and messed up a document in Google Docs, you can easily revert the changes. Here is how you can revert changes to a previous version in Google Docs. Simon Batt | Aug 17, 2017 | Internet Top 5 Android Karaoke Apps to Sing with at Parties You use your smartphone for just about everything, so why not use it to sing karaoke? Here are some of the best Android Karaoke apps you will love. Fabio Buckell | Aug 17, 2017 | Android Should Web Hosting Companies Be Responsible for Website Content? If a controversial website is viewed as harmful, who’s responsible? Should web hosting companies be responsible for website content? Laura Tucker | Aug 17, 2017 | Opinions OnePlus Microphone Stand Review and Giveaway If you own a Yeti microphone or other desktop condenser microphone, the OnePlus microphone stand is most definitely worthwhile to invest in. Check out its review here. Giveaway Corbin Telligman | Aug 17, 2017 | Gadgets How to Use Wayback Machine to Archive Websites It is easy to take online content for granted — until it’s no longer available. Learn how you can use The Wayback Machine to archive websites and preserve content. Ryan Lynch | Aug 17, 2017 | Internet How to Stop Websites from Asking to Show Notifications One more annoying thing most websites do is ask for permission to show you notifications. Learn how to stop websites from asking to show you notifications. Kenneth Kimari | Aug 16, 2017 | Browsers Show More Posts About Contact Advertise Write For Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy RSS Feed Terms © 2007 - 2017 Uqnic Network Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Make Tech Easier is a member of the Uqnic Network. Subscribe   Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously
