Possessionista Celebrity Style – For the Fashionably Compulsive Skip to content Who is Possessionista Contact the Possessionista Shop Bad Hair Day Totally Love This As Seen In… Work with me Disclosure Privacy Disclaimer Who is Possessionista Contact the Possessionista Shop Bad Hair Day Totally Love This As Seen In… Work with me Disclosure Privacy Disclaimer   Rachel Lindsay’s hometown dates: The Bachelorette     The end is just around the corner. We’re just four dysfunctional family reunions away from a proposal and a slew of new teeth whitening endorsements. Now that I finally know all the contestants’ names, it’s time to see where they came from, and who damaged them enough that they think finding love on […] July 18, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING   The Bachelorette in Switzerland (Week 7) As you guys know, I’m a bit of a Bachelor savant. For the most part, I can whip out interesting factoids and Bachelor history faster than you can say “where the fuck has Chris Harrison been for the last three weeks.” But this week was a new one for me. For the first time in […] July 12, 2017July 12, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING   The Bachelorette: How do you spell asshole? We’ve reached the pinnacle of Bachelorette platitudes: Lee isn’t here to make friends. And if you don’t believe him, just check out his Twitter feed. But before you judge him (and believe me, I’m judging him) make sure you take in his obligatory sad story. Over the years, we’ve come to expect a tragic backstory […] June 20, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING   The Bachelorette Fashion: Ellen isn’t sure about anything. The real story this week on the Bachelorette is not that DeMario was sent home, but that ABC is clearly throwing random men into each rose ceremony and waiting to see if anyone notices. Oh, I noticed, ABC. Suddenly, there’s an Anthony? And a Matt. And a Brady. I swear, you guys, I have never […] June 6, 2017June 6, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING   Rachel Lindsay’s clothes from the Bachelorette episode 2. So, you should know this about me. To write about the Bachelor/ette, I watch the show two or three times. The first, just to soak it all in. The second for anything I missed. And the last, to capture images of the clothes. But last week I didn’t do that,  because I physically couldn’t handle […] May 30, 2017May 30, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING   In Defense of Netflix’s Thirteen Reasons Why This article contains spoilers I, like everyone else, was consumed by Thirteen Reasons Why. I watched it in a little over 48 hours, bleary-eyed, exhausted, heartbroken and horrified. And then I read the book. And then I read the articles. And for a little over two weeks, now, I’ve been down a Thirteen Reasons Why rabbit hole that […] April 21, 2017April 21, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING   How to dress like the women of Big Little Lies without the Monterey budget Like everyone else, I am obsessed with Big Little Lies. And, though I may have a few complaints (like why they changed Saxon Banks from Perry’s cousin to a random interior decorator) the acting, scenery, music and costumes were without criticism.  Now that the show has ended (to be honest, I think it needed an eighth […] April 12, 2017April 12, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING   My trip to Finland (part two)   I know I’m much overdue with sharing the rest of my Finland trip with each of you, but before I do, i think I should back up. You see, since I’ve been back, I’ve been inundated with the very same question: What were you doing in Finland? So I should probably explain.  After the […] April 7, 2017April 12, 2017 by Dana Weiss CONTINUE READING Posts navigation ← Older posts Search for: Social circleemailcirclersscirclefacebookcircletwitterbirdcirclepinterestcircleinstagram Search Fashion By TV Fashion Style Guides Bad Hair Day: Possessionista X Tee2You Beauty Bonehead Book recommendations Favorite Things Found it on Facebook Giveaways Me Partners Possessionista Gift Guide Sale What To Wear Fast Free Shipping Worldwide Shopbop.com JUST ARRIVED Buy Now at Shopbop View MISA Selina Dress View Buy Highwaist Mini B Skirt from Theory View < > SHOP TOPS Pop Ruffle Shirt by Faith Connexion View See More Free People View heart Diane von Furstenberg Sleeveless Croppe... View < > FEATURED +1 Get this widget  Load More... Follow on Instagram Recent Posts Rachel Lindsay’s hometown dates: The Bachelorette The Bachelorette in Switzerland (Week 7) The Bachelorette: How do you spell asshole? The Bachelorette Fashion: Ellen isn’t sure about anything. Rachel Lindsay’s clothes from the Bachelorette episode 2. Shop more of my closet on Poshmark
