HeckleDepot.com - 1000 Baseball heckles divided into dozens of categories Home Baseball Umpires Pitchers Fielders Batters General Use Bullpen Base Runner Comebacks Fan/Ump Comebacks Spoken Player Responses Non Verbal Player Responses Fans/Mascots Hall of Fame Most Original religious Country & Western politically incorrect pop culture Historical Other Fans Overweight Play Specific Short Players Tall & Thin Players True Stories Worst of… Vendors Archives Other Sports Golf Basketball Hockey Ballpark Essentials Air Horns Ballpark Signs Baseball Hecklers Handbook Make A Giant Head Add Your Heckling Story MLB Coupon 2 The Big List of Batter Heckles batters famous big list 6 The Big List of Pitcher Heckles famous big list pitchers 5 The Big List of Fielder Heckles fielders 0 The Big List of All-Purpose Heckles 0 The Big List of Bullpen Heckles 10 The Big List of Umpire Heckles Blue Ump Umpires 1 Heckles for Opposing Teams Fans 0 Only Funny if You’re Drunk Heckles 0 Crowd Chants chant chants crowd 0 Worst Heckles Ever – Don’t Try These! 0 Mindless Chatter 0 Best Religious Heckles 1 Best Historical Heckles 0 Politically Incorrect Heckles 0 Best Country and Western Heckles 1 Pop Culture Heckles 3 Most Original Heckles 0 Vendors « Older Entries About This Site I had no idea exactly how bad a heckler I was until the summer of 1996. It was then, while taking in a Jays game with a few friends (thanks to Toronto's Fan590), we pitched a particularly bad line towards the Twins bullpen. Looking down on Greg Hansell, the line was “Hey Hansell, where’s Grettel?”. Twins catcher Matt Walbeck turned around and said, ‘You’re the worst hecklers I’ve ever heard in my life,’. It was then I realized the need to improve my powers of harassment. Quickly realizing there was a lack of literature devoted to baseball heckling, I started the HeckleDepot. So for all you bad baseball hecklers out there, and all your embarrassed friends, this site is for you. Full story here. Submit a Heckle The Big List of Umpire Heckles The Big List of Bullpen Heckles The Big List of All-Purpose Heckles The Big List of Fielder Heckles The Big List of Pitcher Heckles The Big List of Batter Heckles Recent Posts Heckling Alex Rios Hunter Pence Signs A-List Hollywood Hecklers Fall Flat Zach McAllister & Chris Ianetta Roasted Hecklers ride Matt Diaz Press Contact Us Privacy Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Digg Evernote Gmail reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr
