Money Talks News | Get rich one day at a time Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals 6 Traits of the Successful Self-Employed I've been a successful entrepreneur for 36 years and have been working entirely at home for 27. What to join me? Here's what it takes. Is AARP Worth the Cost? How I Wiped Out $37,000 of Debt in One Year 22 Great Gifts for the Athletes and Outdoors Enthusiasts on Your List If You Have Debt, Things Are About to Get Ugly 20 Products You Should Always Buy Generic | Page 2 Ask Stacy — Can I Really Get a No-Cost Mortgage? How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 359,225 happy subscribers 124,090 12,344 Make How to Make Extra Money Pet Sitting or Dog Walking The 15 Cheapest Franchises You Can Start Today Before You Say ‘I Quit,’ Know These 4 Hidden Costs of Job Hopping How to Turn Your Love of Cooking Into Extra Cash Save 5 Simple Ways to Slash the Rising Cost of Gas The Best Used Cars for Every Budget MoviePass Lowers Fee That Lets You Watch Unlimited Movies in Theaters 3 Deals That Celebrate the Great American Eclipse Borrow Stop and Think: How Much House Can You Really Afford? The 3 Most Common Credit Card Fees — and the Keys to Avoiding Them Ask Stacy — How Can I Rebuild My Credit After a Bankruptcy? Ask Stacy — How Can I Get a Higher Limit on My Credit Card? Grow Are You Overlooking This Secret to a Bigger Nest Egg? 9 Steps to Prepare Yourself Now for the Next Recession Afraid of the Stock Market? 7 Steps to Overcome Fear of Investing (or Other Things) The Best Asset for Long-Haul Investing? It’s Probably Not What You Think Live This Is What Milk Cost the Year You Were Born Now Hear This: You Can Save Hundreds on Hearing Aids How Cheap Light Bulbs Let Me Sleep Soundly 5 Ways to Never Set Foot in a Grocery Store Again More The Top 25 Foreign Lands Sending College Students to the U.S. Why More Workers and Retirees Are Paying Income Tax Penalties Watch This — The History of Consumerism in a Nutshell 10 Iconic Brands That Disappeared and 7 More That May Soon Follow MTN Solutions Center Find help with: Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Debt Collectors Social Security Find the best: Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan All Articles 5 Simple Ways to Slash the Rising Cost of Gas Many Americans spend hundreds of dollars on gasoline annually — and now gas prices are increasing again. Here are five easy ways to save money every time you fill up. The Best Used Cars for Every Budget No matter your budget, there are many top-notch used cars you can select for your next ride. Here are the keys to saving money while avoiding duds. Are You Overlooking This Secret to a Bigger Nest Egg? One action can significantly boost your odds of reaching financial goals — but most Americans have yet to do it. How to Make Extra Money Pet Sitting or Dog Walking If you’re an animal lover, this could be the perfect way to fill your time and your wallet. But remember, it’s still a business. The Top 25 Foreign Lands Sending College Students to the U.S. One of the biggest U.S. exports is sort of an import — college graduates from all over the world. Can you guess where the most come from? MoviePass Lowers Fee That Lets You Watch Unlimited Movies in Theaters A subscription service for movies shown in traditional theaters now costs just $9.95 each month. This Is What Milk Cost the Year You Were Born Oh how the times have changed. You won’t believe how cheap milk was in the ‘60s and what the prices are doing now. 3 Deals That Celebrate the Great American Eclipse From an out-of-this-world postage stamp to two food deals, here’s how you can mark Monday’s big event. Saturday School – How a Traditional IRA Can Boost Returns by 30 Percent Find out how investing in a traditional IRA can turbocharge your efforts to build wealth. Best Cheap Cellphone Deals for Seniors If you are an older American you probably have a cellphone but want to use it your own way. This guide will help you find the right plan for your needs. 9 Steps to Prepare Yourself Now for the Next Recession It’s been eight years since the end of the Great Recession. The current economic expansion can’t last. So be ready to survive — and thrive — when it ends. 20 Products You Should Always Buy Generic These no-name products are at least as good as the branded competitors — and nearly always cheaper. One reason: You aren’t paying the advertising costs. How I Wiped Out $37,000 of Debt in One Year You don’t need to be a financial expert to fix your finances. Just take an honest look at yourself and get started. It worked for this Money Talks News reader. 4 Delicious Ways to Save on Ice Cream Discover how to save on America’s favorite dessert throughout the year. Why More Workers and Retirees Are Paying Income Tax Penalties Uncle Sam has been hitting a lot more tax filers with fines for underpaying taxes. Here’s what independent workers, baby boomers and other investors must know to avoid this fate. 7 Laundry Detergents That Only Wash Money Down the Drain Avoid wasting money on these detergents called out by Consumer Reports. Then, consider do-it-yourself laundry products that are effective and cheap. Afraid of the Stock Market? 7 Steps to Overcome Fear of Investing (or Other Things) It’s normal to be concerned about risking your savings. But if fear of loss has you paralyzed, read this. Adventurous? 5 Ways You Can Travel the World for Free Do you dream of international travel, but fear it’s beyond your budget? Take heart: There are several ways to see the world for little to no cost. 6 Traits of the Successful Self-Employed I’ve been a successful entrepreneur for 36 years and have been working entirely at home for 27. What to join me? Here’s what it takes. Now Hear This: You Can Save Hundreds on Hearing Aids Hearing loss is isolating and depressing, and the cost of hearing aids can be overwhelming. But these tips will help you save — and rejoin the conversation. 01 02 03 04 Next 1 - 20 of 11,396 Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 359,225 happy subscribers 124,090 12,344 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon 4 Reasons You Should Never Pay for Credit Monitoring Ask Stacy — 8 Tips to Get Credit When You Don’t Have Any How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase 7 Effortless Ways to Make Extra Money 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier The Stock Market’s in Nosebleed Territory — Time to Get Out? 20 Unusual Ways to Earn Extra Cash 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Credit Score for Free 2,023 Active Deals At Chipotle, play the Chipotle Experience to receive a coupon to buy one burrito, burrito bowl, salad, or order of tacos and get another one for free. Listen back to your track and enter your mobile number and ZIP code to receive your coupon via text. It's one of the best BOGO offers we've seen from Chipotle this year that isn't restricted. (We've seen similar offers for nurses and teachers only; this is open to anyone.) Deal ends August 31. Chipotle coupon Buy 1 item, get 2nd free At Chipotle, play the Chipotle Experience to receive a coupon to buy one burrito, burrito bowl, salad, or order of ... Read more. Updated: July 19, 2017 MoviePass has knocked its monthly subscription to $9.95 per month. Previously, it offered tiered plans that ran from $15 to $50 per month. MoviePass allows users to see one movie per day each month in over 4,000 theaters across the United States. Depending on where you live, that means you can see up to 31 movies at the cost of standard admission to just one film. Click here for more information; you can sign up for a 2-week trial before you commit. MoviePass Subscription: 1 movie per day for $10/month MoviePass has knocked its monthly subscription to $9.95 per month. Previously, it offered tiered plans that ran from $15 to ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 2 hr ago The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To get this price, you'll need to purchase it in person at one of these locations. It grants access to all 417 national parks and over 2,000 other recreation areas. Deal ends permanently on August 27. Alternatively, you can buy one online for $20 plus $5 for shipping. Senior Citizen Lifetime National Parks Pass for $10 The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 13 hr ago Lowe's cuts $25 off orders of $100 or more via coupon code "470000000074228". Plus, MyLowe's members bag free shipping on most orders. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Select items are only available via in-store pickup.) That's tied with last week's mention as one of the best coupons we've seen from Lowe's. Lowe's coupon: $25 off $100 or more Lowe's cuts $25 off orders of $100 or more via coupon code "470000000074228". Plus, MyLowe's members bag free shipping on ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 10 hr ago Courtesy of STAR-Net, over 7,000 library locations nationwide will offer free eclipse glasses and education kits to watch and learn about the August 21 solar eclipse. Stock is limited by location (two million glasses and 4,000 education kits were distributed nationwide). Click here to find your nearest location. Note about our image: This map shows the location of participating libraries in the August 21, 2017 eclipse. Credit: STAR_Net's NASA@ My Library initiative, Space Science Institute, the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, NASA, and Google. Nationwide Libraries Hosting Eclipse Events free eclipse glasses Courtesy of STAR-Net, over 7,000 library locations nationwide will offer free eclipse glasses and education kits to watch and learn ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Walmart continues to discount a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or recieve free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets, each with free shipping: Honeywell 44" Antique Brass Ceiling Fan for $53.74 (low by $16) EastPoint Sports Coffee Table Soccer Game for $119 (low by $46) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart continues to discount a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 7 hr ago Lowe's discounts a selection of pots and planters in its clearance section, with prices starting at $3.25. Plus, MyLowe's members bag free shipping on most orders. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Select items are only available via in-store pickup.) Clearance Pots and Planters at Lowe's from $3 + free shipping Lowe's discounts a selection of pots and planters in its clearance section, with prices starting at $3.25. Plus, MyLowe's members ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 6 hr ago Lowe's takes up to 75% off clearance items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, MyLowe's members bag free shipping on all orders. (Not a member? It's free to join. Larger items may incur oversized shipping fees.) A couple of best bets, each via in-store pickup: Garden Treasures Severson Square Wicker End Table w/ Glass Tabletop for $30 ($18 off) Garden Treasures Porch Swing for $130 (pictured, $68 off) Lowe's Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + free shipping Lowe's takes up to 75% off clearance items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, MyLowe's members bag free shipping on all ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 6 days ago Microsoft offers more than 200 of its Microsoft eBooks for free during its Multi-Million eBook Giveaway. Topics include Windows 10, Office 365, Power BI, Azure, SharePoint, Dynamics CRM, PowerShell, System Center, and SQL Server. Over 200 Microsoft eBooks for free Microsoft offers more than 200 of its Microsoft eBooks for free during its Multi-Million eBook Giveaway. Topics include Windows 10, ... Read more. Updated: July 28, 2017 For in-store pickup only and with stock varying by location, Lowe's offers the Tide High-Efficiency Laundry Detergent 40-oz. Jug in Refreshing Breeze for $2. That's the lowest price we could find by $2. It's enough for 25 loads. Deal ends August 23. Tide High-Efficiency Detergent 40-oz. Jug for $2 + pickup at Lowe's For in-store pickup only and with stock varying by location, Lowe's offers the Tide High-Efficiency Laundry Detergent 40-oz. Jug in ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 3 hr ago As part of a class action lawsuit, those who received pre-recorded telemarketing calls from Resort Marketing Group (RMG) between July 2009 and March 2014 may be entitled to monetary compensation. The suit alleges that RMG violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act by making pre-recorded calls without express consent. Click here to read more about how to make a claim. Claims must be filed by November 3. Charvat v. Carnival Class Action Lawsuit As part of a class action lawsuit, those who received pre-recorded telemarketing calls from Resort Marketing Group (RMG) between July ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 16 hr ago With availability limited by ZIP code (for some items), and for in-store pickup only, Best Buy offers a selection of Dynex Cables and Charges, with prices starting at $1.25 $2. A couple of best bets: Dynex MFi-Certified Lightning Cable Car Charger for $1.87 ($13 off) Dynex 2,000mAh Portable Battery Charger for $2 ($6 off) Dynex Cables and Chargers at Best Buy from $1 + pickup With availability limited by ZIP code (for some items), and for in-store pickup only, Best Buy offers a selection of ... Read more. Updated: 7 hr 1 min ago Neiman Marcus takes up to 93% off clearance items, with prices starting at $7. (Although the banner says up to 70% off, we found deeper discounts within.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Discounted brands include Alexander McQueen, Rag & Bone, Hudson, Helmut Lang, Tom Ford, and Theory. Neiman Marcus Clearance Sale: Up to 93% off, from $7 + free shipping Neiman Marcus takes up to 93% off clearance items, with prices starting at $7. (Although the banner says up to ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 19 hr ago Uniqlo discounts a selection of men's, women's, boys', girls', and baby styles as part of its Summer Clearance Sale, with prices starting from $1.90. Shipping adds $5, or get free shipping on orders of $75 or more. Sizes may be limited. A couple of best bets: Uniqlo Women's Épice Collection Boat Neck T-Shirt for $5.90 ($9 off) Uniqlo Men's Linen Cotton Checked Short-Sleeve Shirt for $14.90 ($5 off) Uniqlo Summer Clearance Sale Deals from $2 + free shipping w/ $75 Uniqlo discounts a selection of men's, women's, boys', girls', and baby styles as part of its Summer Clearance Sale, with ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 3 hr ago IKEA cuts at least 20% off and as much as 40% off a selection of its furniture, decor, bedding, kitchen items, and lighting. (Some items are only available to be purchased in-store and are marked as such on the product page.) Opt for in-store pickup to avoid shipping costs, which start at $10. A couple of best bets: IKEA Hemnes Bench for $59.99 (pictured, $20 under last year's price) IKEA Stenstorp Kitchen Cart for $149 ($50 under last year's price) IKEA Price Drops: At least 20% off IKEA cuts at least 20% off and as much as 40% off a selection of its furniture, decor, bedding, kitchen ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 6 days ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Walmart continues to discount thousands of items as part of its End of Summer Clearance Sale. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or receive free shipping on orders of $35 or more. A couple of best bets, each with free shipping: Shark Rotator Professional Upright Vacuum for $119 (low by $40) RCA 50" 1080p LED LCD TV for $269.99 ($130 off) Walmart End of Summer Clearance Sale Walmart continues to discount thousands of items as part of its End of Summer Clearance Sale. Opt for in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 5 days ago Jegs Performance via eBay offers its Jegs Performance Products 1,200-Piece Nut, Bolt, Washer, and Screw Assortment for $21.39 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $7, although we saw it for a buck less in May. It features a 360-piece screw case, 420-piece SAE nuts and bolts case, and 420-piece metric nuts and bolts case. Jegs 1,200-Piece Nut & Bolt Assortment for $21 + free shipping Jegs Performance via eBay offers its Jegs Performance Products 1,200-Piece Nut, Bolt, Washer, and Screw Assortment for $21.39 with free ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 7 hr ago H&M takes up to 80% off items in its sale section. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping adds $5.99, but orders of $40 or more bag free shipping via code "0040". Home items start at $1.99, women's accessories at $1.99, men's shoes at $2.99, and kids' accessories at 99 cents. H&M Sale: Up to 80% off + free shipping w/ $40 H&M takes up to 80% off items in its sale section. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping adds $5.99, but orders ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 6 days ago Lucky Brand takes an extra 50% off sale styles. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, coupon code "JUL25VP" knocks an additional $25 off orders of $100 or more. Shipping adds $5, but orders of $50 or more qualify for free shipping. Lucky Brand Sale: Extra 50% off + coupon + free shipping w/ $50 Lucky Brand takes an extra 50% off sale styles. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, coupon code "JUL25VP" knocks an additional ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 2 days ago At participating Best Buy retail stores, trade in any working Apple MacBook laptop to receive a Best Buy Gift Card with a value of up to $450. Trade-in value will vary depending on your item's condition. Some exclusions apply, including items that are cracked, water-damaged or that lack power. Note: We found trade-in values of over $450 using Best Buy's estimator, however it's not clear how values exceeding $450 will be awarded. Up to $450 Best Buy Gift Card: w/ MacBook trade-in + at Best Buy stores At participating Best Buy retail stores, trade in any working Apple MacBook laptop to receive a Best Buy Gift Card ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago Starting August 11, Uber will offer free ice cream to users in select cities on Fridays. Open the Uber app and request ice cream; if you get a match, you can reserve a soft serve cone for yourself and up to four friends. In addition to the ice cream, you'll also receive a free collectible Uber cone, which you can take to a participating McDonald's for a refill every Friday through September 22. Click here for more information, including a list of eligible cities. Upcoming: Uber Ice Cream: free on Fridays Starting August 11, Uber will offer free ice cream to users in select cities on Fridays. Open the Uber app ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Lululemon discounts a selection of men's and women's apparel and accessories in its We Made Too Much sale sections. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Women's tops start from $29, women's shorts from $29, and men's shirts start from $34. Note: These items are final sale and cannot be returned or exchanged. Lululemon We Made Too Much Sale: Deals from $29 + free shipping Lululemon discounts a selection of men's and women's apparel and accessories in its We Made Too Much sale sections. (Prices ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 4 days ago Abercrombie & Fitch takes up to 70% off its men's and women's clearance items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping costs $5. Note: Select items are available via the Abercrombie & Fitch mini-site at Spring. These items qualify for free shipping with no minimum purchase required. Abercrombie & Fitch Clearance: Up to 70% off Abercrombie & Fitch takes up to 70% off its men's and women's clearance items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping costs ... Read more. Updated: 5 days 2 hr ago Delta Airlines via ShermansTravel offers Delta Airlines Roundtrip Flights to Hawaii from select cities in the U.S. with prices starting from $361.59. (On the Shermans Travel landing page, click on "Delta.com" in the main paragraph to see this sale; we found this price on September 21 with return on September 26.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes by at least $110. Book this travel deal by August 31. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Delta Airlines Fares to Hawaii from $362 roundtrip Delta Airlines via ShermansTravel offers Delta Airlines Roundtrip Flights to Hawaii from select cities in the U.S. with prices starting ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 6 hr ago Google Play offers downloads of Crank Cycling Computer Pro BLE for Android for free. That's $25 off and the lowest price we could find for this virtual bike racing app. Crank Cycling Computer Pro BLE for Android for free Google Play offers downloads of Crank Cycling Computer Pro BLE for Android for free. That's $25 off and the lowest ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 2 hr ago Walmart discounts a selection of garage and storage rollbacks, with prices starting from $12.70 $12.11. Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $5.99 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Oversized items may have additional fees.) A couple of best bets: SystemBuild Apollo Wall Cabinet for $39 (low by $9) Muscle Rack 48x48" Adjustable Ceiling Shelving Unit for $54 (pictured, low by $18) Garage and Storage Rollbacks at Walmart from $12 + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart discounts a selection of garage and storage rollbacks, with prices starting from $12.70 $12.11. Choose in-store pickup to avoid ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago Clarks takes an extra 40% off its men's, women's, and kids' sale and clearance shoes via coupon code "FLASH". Plus, all orders receive free shipping. That's the best extra discount we've seen since February. Some exclusions may apply. Sizes and stock may be limited. Deal ends August 21. Clarks Shoes Sale: Extra 40% off sale items + free shipping Clarks takes an extra 40% off its men's, women's, and kids' sale and clearance shoes via coupon code "FLASH". Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago Nautica takes an extra 40% off its clearance styles. (The discount applies in cart.) Plus, take an additional 15% off via coupon code "QUICK". Alternatively, take an additional 25% off when you buy four or more items via coupon code "ADDITUP". (These coupons don't stack.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. Some exclusions may apply. Deal ends August 24. Nautica Clearance: Extra 40% off + 15% off + free shipping Nautica takes an extra 40% off its clearance styles. (The discount applies in cart.) Plus, take an additional 15% off ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 22 hr ago TradePub offers downloads of Jason Cannon's "Learn Linux in 5 Days" eBook for free in exchange for information about you and your company. That's $25 less than you'd pay for the paperback version elsewhere. "Learn Linux in 5 Days" eBook for free TradePub offers downloads of Jason Cannon's "Learn Linux in 5 Days" eBook for free in exchange for information about you ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 6 days ago Jomashop cuts up to 77% off a selection of Tissot men's and women's watches using coupon code "DNEWSFS". Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Deal ends August 22. A couple of best bets: Tissot Heritage White Dial Blue Leather Ladies Watch for $179.99 via "DNEWSFS" ($345 off) Tissot Men's Black Dial Chronograph Watch for $539.99 via "DNEWSFS" (pictured, low by $108) Update: Most watches have fallen to their post-coupon prices, making the coupon mostly unnecessary. (While it still applies, it doesn't yield any further discounts.) It will, however, bag free shipping on orders under $100. Tissot Watches at Jomashop: Up to 77% off + free shipping Jomashop cuts up to 77% off a selection of Tissot men's and women's watches using coupon code "DNEWSFS". Plus, all ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 12 hr ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 359,225 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 359,225 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 124,090 12,344
