News | Gamers Nexus - Gaming PC Builds & Hardware Benchmarks News Game Bench Hardware Guides Hardware Reviews Buyer's Guides PC Builds Gaming Features (P)Reviews Specs Dictionary Tech Forum Store & Patreon GN Store GN Patreon YouTube Channel Tweet @ Us! Facebook Fan Page Game With Us RSS Feed Login/Register Toggle navigation Home News Game Bench Hardware Guides Hardware Reviews Buyer's Guides PC Builds Gaming Features (P)Reviews Specs Dictionary Tech Forum Store & Patreon GN Store GN Patreon (For login issues, please ctrl+F5) Log in Log in! Log in Remember Me Forgot your password? Register GN Latest PC Builds DIY PC Guides Pre-Build PC Build Lists Active Hardware Sales Common Build Mistakes Prevent Electrostatic Discharge Hardware Reviews & Bench Buyer's Guides Mid-Build Cable Management Post-Build Overclocking Primer How to Benchmark Hardware Preventative Maintenance What Next? Hardware Mods & Upgrades Power Saving BIOS Settings Most Recent Comments More Would like to see if (eventually) an actual, for sure, 1700 clock is possible here, similar to the... More Please mention your Noctua/Threadripper temp results. Is Noctua a viable cooler? More If you talk about Windows you may be right. If you talk about Linux, you are mistaken:... More I play Mechwarrior online in Wine (utilizing gallium nine via a self compiled version of it called... More I got lucky an actually found a Vega 64 on Amazon actually sold by Amazon! The price was at $599.99... More Just wondering, what games are you playing on Linux usually? I love Linux but I dual boot windows... More So in your world, demand should never be a factor in setting prices? Advertisements: Latest Spec Definitions Voltage Switch PSU Form Factor 80 Plus Voltage Ripple Voltage Regulation Subscribe to this RSS feed Samsung CF791 FreeSync ‘Flicker’ Criticism Tested on Vega & Polaris By Steve Burke in Hardware Guides Published August 21, 2017 at 1:17 pm Vega’s partnership with the Samsung CF791, prior to the card even launching, was met with unrelenting criticism of the monitor’s placement in bundles. Consumer reports on the monitor mention flickering with Ultimate Engine as far back as January, now leveraged as a counter to the CF791’s inclusion in AMD’s bundle. All these consumer reports and complaints largely hinged on Polaris or Fiji products, not Vega (which didn’t exist yet), so we thought it’d be worth a revisit with the bundled card. Besides, if it’s the bundle of the CF791 with Vega that caused the resurgence in flickering concerns, it seems that we should test the CF791 with Vega. That’s the most relevant comparison. And so we did: Using Vega 56, Vega: FE, and an RX 580 Gaming X (Polaris refresh), we tested Samsung’s CF791 34” UltraWide display, running through permutations of FreeSync. Some such permutations include “Standard Engine” (OSD), “Ultimate Engine” (OSD), and simple on/off toggles (drivers + OSD). Read more... comments Hardware Sales: G-Sync Monitor $418, Rosewill Cullinan TG Case $97 By Ryan Greenberg in Sales Published August 20, 2017 at 11:01 pm As stated in our content over the last few weeks, cryptocurrency mining has made the GPU market tough to recommend anything in the low to mid-level market given current prices. Flash-based storage is also at high prices, making it a difficult time to build a PC. That being said, we still managed to find some decent deals on PSUs, cases, and peripherals to help offset the current high costs of other components. Read more... comments PSA: Vega Frequency Reporting Bug in Software By Steve Burke in Hardware Published August 19, 2017 at 10:07 pm This is just a quick PSA. We shot an off-the-cuff video about software misreporting Vega’s frequency, to the extent that a “1980MHz overclock” is possible under the misreported conditions. The entire point of the video was to bring awareness to a bug in either software or drivers – not to point blame at AMD – explicitly to ensure consumers understand that the numbers may be inaccurate. Some reviews even cited overclocks of “1980MHz,” but overlooked the fact that scaling ceases around the threshold where the reporting bugs out. Read more... comments AMD Statement on Pricing: We Have No Control By Steve Burke in Industry Published August 18, 2017 at 10:26 pm Following questions regarding the alleged expiry of MDF and rebates pertaining to Vega’s launch, AMD responded to GN’s inquiries about pricing allegations with a form statement. We attempted to engage in further conversation, but received replies of limited usefulness as the discussion fell into the inevitable “I’m not allowed to discuss this” territory. Regardless, if you’ve seen the story, AMD’s official statement on Vega price increases is as follows: Read more... comments RX Vega 56 Hybrid Mod & (Half-Working) 242% Power Offset By Steve Burke in Hardware Guides Published August 18, 2017 at 4:53 pm As exciting as it is to see “+242% power offset” in overclocking tools, it’s equally deflating to see that offset only partly work. It does, though, and so we’ve minimally managed to increase our overclocking headroom from the stock +50% offset. The liquid cooler helps, considering we attached a 360mm radiator, two Corsair 120mm maglev fans, a Noctua NF-F12 fan, and a fourth fan for VRM cooling. Individual heatsinks were also added to hotter VRM components, leaving two sets unsinked, but cooled heavily with direct airflow. This mod is our coolest-running hybrid mod yet, with large thanks to the 360mm radiator. There’s reason for that, too – we’re now able to push peak power of about 370-380W through the card, up from our previous limitation of ~308W. We were gunning for 400W, but it’s just not happening right now. We’re still working on BIOS mods and powerplay table mods. Read more... comments AIB Partners to GN: Gibbo Was Right About AMD Price Changing By Steve Burke in Hardware Published August 17, 2017 at 11:50 am Following the initial rumors stemming from an Overclockers.co.uk post about Vega price soon changing, multiple AIB partners reached out to GamersNexus – and vice versa – to discuss the truth of the content. The post by Gibbo of Overclockers suggested that launch rebates and MDF would be expiring from AMD for Vega, which would drive pricing upward as retailers scramble to make a profit on the new GPU. Launch pricing of Vega 64 was supposed to be $500, but quickly shot to $600 USD in the wake of immediate inventory selling out. This is also why the packs exist – it enables AMD to “lower” the pricing of Vega by making return on other components. In speaking with different sources from different companies that work with AMD, GamersNexus learned that “Gibbo is right” regarding the AMD rebate expiry and subsequent price jump. AMD purportedly provided the top retailers and etailers with a $499 price on Vega 64, coupling sale of the card with a rebate to reduce spend by retailers, and therefore use leverage to force the lower price. The $100 rebate from AMD is already expiring, hence the price jump by retailers who need return. Rebates were included as a means to encourage retailers to try to sell at the lower $499 price. With those expiring, leverage is gone and retailers/etailers return to their own price structure, as margins are exceptionally low on this product. Read more... comments Video Cards Facing More Price Hurdles: GDDR Cost Increases By Steve Burke in Industry Published August 16, 2017 at 11:24 pm Where video cards have had to deal with mining cost, memory and SSD products have had to deal with NAND supply and cost. Looks like video cards may soon join the party, as – according to DigiTimes and sources familiar with SK Hynix & Samsung supply – quotes in August increased 30.8% for manufacturers. That’s a jump from $6.50 in July to $8.50 in August. It sounds as if this stems from a supply-side deficit, based on initial reporting, and that’d indicate that products with a higher count of memory modules should see a bigger price hike. From what we’ve read, mobile devices (like gaming notebooks) may be more immediately impacted, with discrete cards facing indeterminate impact at this time. Read more... comments AMD RX Vega 56 Tear-Down & Undervolting / Overclocking Livestream By Steve Burke in Hardware Published August 15, 2017 at 10:09 pm Tearing open the RX Vega 56 card revealed more of what we expected: A Vega Frontier Edition card, which is the same as Vega 64, which is the same as Vega 56. It seems as if AMD took the same PCB & VRM run and increased volume to apply to all these cards, thereby ensuring MOQ is met and theoretically lowering cost for all devices combined. That said, the price also increases in unnecessary ways for the likes of Vega 56, which has one of the most overkill VRMs a card of its ilk possibly could -- especially given the native current and power constraints enforced by BIOS. That said, we're working on power tables mods to bypass these constraints, despite the alleged Secure Boot compliance by AMD. We posted a tear-down of the card earlier today, though it is much the same as the Vega: Frontier Edition -- and by "much the same," we mean "exactly the same." Though, to be fair, V56 does lack the TR6 & TR5 screws of FE. Here's the tear-down: Read more... comments Vega 56 Review: BIOS Mods, Undervoltage, HBM vs. Core OC, & Indecision By Steve Burke in Hardware Published August 14, 2017 at 9:00 am “Indecision” isn’t something we’ve ever titled a review, or felt in general about hardware. The thing is, though, that Vega is launching in the midst of a market which behaves completely unpredictably. We review products as a value proposition, looking at performance to dollars and coming to some sort of unwavering conclusion. Turns out, that’s sort of hard to do when the price is “who knows” and availability is uncertain. Mining does all this, of course; AMD’s launching a card in the middle of boosted demand, and so prices won’t stick for long. The question is whether the inevitable price hike will match or exceed the price of competing cards. NVidia's GTX 1070 should be selling below $400 (a few months ago, it did), the GTX 1080 should be ~$500, and the RX Vega 56 should be $400. Conclusiveness would be easier with at least one unchanging value. Read more... comments GN's Ongoing Side Project: Video Compression By Steve Burke in Hardware Published August 13, 2017 at 11:31 pm Storing multiple terabytes of video content monthly is, obviously, a drive-intensive business -- particularly when using RAID for local editing scratch disks, a NAS for internal server access, and web remote backup. Rather than buy more drives and build a data library that is both impossible to manage and impossible to search, we decided to use our disks smarter and begin compressing broll as it falls into disuse. Deletion is the final step, at some point, but the compression is small enough as to be a non-concern right now. We're able to compress our broll anywhere from 50-86%, depending on what kind of content is contained therein, and do so with nearly 0 perceptible impact to content quality. All that's required is a processor with a lot of threads, as that's what we wrote our compression script to use, and some extra power each month. Threadripper saw use recently in a temporary compression rig for us, as we wanted to try the CPU out in a real-world use case for our day-to-day operations. The effort can be seen below: Read more... comments More... Distributed Computing Basics: What Are BOINC & Folding At Home? AMD Threadripper on Liquid Nitrogen (Interview) AMD Threadripper 1950X & 1920X Review: MCM Bet Pays Off Ask GN 56: AMD TCTL, Die vs. Full Block Cooling AMD Threadripper Thermal Paste Application Methods Tested Noctua Fan Investigation & the Internet Outrage Engine HW News – RX Vega Mining, Partner Cards, Corsair Acquisition Primitive Discarding in Vega: Mike Mantor Interview R7 1700 & i7-7700K for 144Hz Gaming at 1440p, 1080p, 4K Threadripper Cooler, Thermal Paste Coverage vs. Die Area & IHS Start Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next End Page 1 of 134 We moderate comments on a ~24~48 hour cycle. There will be some delay after submitting a comment. Advertisement:   Privacy & Use Policy Contact Editorial Team Test Page! Copyright © 2017 GamersNexus, LLC. All rights reserved. GamersNexus.net is Owned, Operated, & Maintained by GamersNexus, LLC.
