Heddels: Quality Information on Quality Clothing and Goods close Heddels Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr Google Plus Soundcloud Vimeo Youtube Snapchat RSS Home FAQ Sale Finder Sale Finder Sale Finder Shortlist Sale Finder Gallery News Announcement Events Latest News New Releases Weekly Rundown Fades Fade Friday Fade of the Day Send Us Your Fades Education 101 Primers History How To Op-Ed Buying Guides Five Plus One Lists Reviews Profiles Brand Profiles Interviews Store Profiles Tools Store Guide Dictionary Denim Finder Shop Store Guide Denim Finder Forum Dictionary The Basics Brand List About Us Contact Info Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter Click here for all the fun stuff Heddels Home FAQ Sale Finder Sale Finder Sale Finder Shortlist Sale Finder Gallery News Announcement Events Latest News New Releases Weekly Rundown Fades Fade Friday Fade of the Day Send Us Your Fades Education 101 Primers History How To Op-Ed Buying Guides Five Plus One Lists Reviews Profiles Brand Profiles Interviews Store Profiles Tools Store Guide Dictionary Denim Finder Shop VOYEJ Leather Goods: A Personal Journey Complementary and companion to raw denim, leather has been lauded for its durability as well as its beauty. With wear,… Read More Unique Trucker Jackets – Five Plus One In a lot of people’s minds trucker jackets are synonymous with Levis’ three denim jacket designs: the type I, type… Read More The Invention of Blue: The Weekly Rundown Supply chain, Jobber market, and the LA rag trade — Vestoj VF Corp acquires Dickies for $820 million — Fortune… Read More A Kind of Guise’s Matsuba Shirt is Kind of Fishy As winter approaches (can you believe it?), we can begin stocking up on heavier-duty layers. And depending on where you live,… Read More Fade of the Day – Railcar Fine Goods Viper X008 (20 Months 4 Washes) Let’s face it, the raw denim game is pretty male-dominated, so it makes Fade of the Day extra special when… Read More 3sixteen Selvedge Indigo Knit Crosscut Flannel If you woke up this morning and noticed the internet is losing its mind, it’s not just because of the… Read More Prev Next A Kind of Guise’s Matsuba Shirt is Kind of Fishy Aug 21, 2017 | New Releases | by Albert Muzquiz Comments As winter approaches (can you believe it?), we can begin stocking up on heavier-duty layers. And depending on where you live,… Read More Fade of the Day – Railcar Fine Goods Viper X008 (20 Months 4 Washes) Aug 21, 2017 | Fade of the Day | by James Smith Comments Let’s face it, the raw denim game is pretty male-dominated, so it makes Fade of the Day extra special when… Read More 3sixteen Selvedge Indigo Knit Crosscut Flannel Aug 21, 2017 | New Releases | by Albert Muzquiz Comments If you woke up this morning and noticed the internet is losing its mind, it’s not just because of the… Read More Sage Rover 14oz. Indigo x Black Jeans In a market packed full of premium goods and price tags to match, brands like Sage work hard behind the… Read More Fade of the Day – Nudie Skinny Lin Deep Orange (3 Years, 6 Washes, 1 Soak) Aug 19, 2017 | Fade of the Day | by James Smith Comments Stretch denim gets flack from plenty of purist denim heads, but today’s Fade of the Day shows that stretchiness doesn’t always compromise beautiful… Read More 3sixteen Fall/Winter 2017 Lookbook Aug 19, 2017 | New Releases | by Daniel Sheridan Comments Just as quickly as summer comes, it leaves us without even saying goodbye. Okay, so maybe the beach days aren’t… Read More Wood & Faulk Grand Tourer Duffel Bag Aug 19, 2017 | New Releases | by James Smith Comments Whether you’re embarking on a long trip of self-discovery or you just want to flex while you take a quick… Read More Naked & Famous Completes the Broken Elephant 6 Canadian Tux With a Matching Jacket Aug 18, 2017 | New Releases | by Daniel Sheridan Comments Heavyweight denim fans from all around have come to know — and love — Naked & Famous for their Elephant Series,… Read More Sale Finder Shortlist: August 18 Aug 18, 2017 “The secret, I don’t know… I guess you’ve gotta find something you love to do and then do it for… Read More Knickerbocker Hits the Books With Their Campus Jacket Aug 18, 2017 | New Releases | by Daniel Sheridan Comments If you’ve recently found yourself eager to leave the summer behind and take on the fall with some new threads… Read More 1 2 3 4 5 … 381 Next » Getting Started New here? Have a look at our seminal guides to get you started. The Three Tiers of Welted Boots and Shoes: Entry, Mid, and End Level Complete Guide to Boot Care Guide to Leather Wallets Three Tiers of Raw Denim Best Entry Level Raw Denim Jeans An Overview Guide to Leather Grades Your First Pair Of Raw Denim Guide to DIY Denim Repairs Essential Raw Denim Breakdown Clean and Wash Your Raw Denim Rundown on Selvedge Denim Free Daily Newsletter Join over 10,000 subscribers and sign up for our free daily newsletter! Sales Finder Shortlist Our weekly exhaustive list of all the best menswear sales on the web. Latest Edition - Aug 18, 2017 Brands Directory Our picks for the best makers and manufacturers around the globe. 3sixteen 3sixteen+ 3×1 45rpm Acne Ande Whall A.P.C. Baldwin Denim Beams Big John Brooklyn Denim Co. Buzz Rickson Carhartt Civilianaire Denham Dickies 1922 Eat Dust Evisu Eternal Freenote Cloth Full Count G-Star Hiut Imogene + Willie Imperial Iron Heart Japan Blue Jean Shop Kamikaze Attack Kapital Kings of Indigo Knickerbocker Mfg Lee Lee 101 Levis Levis made and crafted LVC Left Field NYC Momotaro Mr. Freedom Naked & Famous Noble Denim Norman Porter Nudie Jeans Co Old Blue Oni Pike Brothers Pointer Brand Pure Blue Japan Railcar Fine Goods Raleigh Denim Red Wing Real Japan blues Rogue Territory Roy Ruell and Ray RRL Samurai Jeans Shockoe Atelier Skull Jeans Stevenson Overall Company Studio D’Artisan Sugar Cane The Denim Store The GRO Project The Hill-Side Tellason Taylor Stitch Tender The Flat Head The Strike Gold The Stronghold Thorogood The Real McCoys Unbranded United Stock Dry Goods WH Ranch Dungarees Williamsburg Garment Company Show Full List Popular Fade of the Day – FDMTL Test Type 01 (21 Months, 2 Washes, 1 Soak) 16 Comments Fade of the Day – Tellason Ladbroke Grove Cone Natural Indigo (19 Months, Unknown Washes) 6 Comments Iron Heart 18oz. Overdyed Denim CPO Shirt (With Hand Pockets!) 6 Comments Latest Fades Fade of the Day – Railcar Fine Goods Viper X008 (20 Months 4 Washes) No Comments Fade of the Day – Nudie Skinny Lin Deep Orange (3 Years, 6 Washes, 1 Soak) No Comments Fade Friday – Our Jeans O2X (1 Year, 2 Washes, 1 Soak) 1 Comment Heddels Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr Google Plus Soundcloud Vimeo Youtube Snapchat RSS Help & Info About Advertising Contact Newsletter Policy & Disclosures Shop Sitemap Writing News Announcement Events Latest News New Releases Weekly Rundown Fades Fade Friday Fade of the Day Education FAQ 101 Primers History How To Op-Ed Buying Guides Five Plus One Lists Reviews Profiles Brand Profiles Store Profiles Interviews Tools Sale Finder Store Guide Dictionary Denim Finder Free daily newsletter News, giveaways, and more sent right to your inbox! (c) 49 Oz. 2011 - 2017
