Nier Automata tops 500,000 sold on Steam - NeoGAF Register TOS Privacy @NeoGAF Like Save? NeoGAF report this ad Go to Page... Go to Page... Post Reply Page 1 of 4 1 2 3 4 Next → Gaming Community Off-Topic Community Nier Automata tops 500,000 sold on Steam View First Unread Tweet Share Nirolak Mrgrgr (Today, 03:21 PM) Quote Nier Automata tops 500,000 sold on Steam #1 The lowest sale price has been $42 in the US. It was in the 360K-380K range prior to the sale. Owners: 511,885 ± 19,405 Source: http://steamspy.com/app/524220 Nirolak View Public Profile Send a private message to Nirolak Find More Posts by Nirolak report this ad Deft Beck Member (Today, 03:21 PM) Quote #2 Very impressive for a niche title. Deft Beck View Public Profile Send a private message to Deft Beck Find More Posts by Deft Beck jacobeid Member (Today, 03:22 PM) Quote #3 Damn. Well deserved. jacobeid View Public Profile Send a private message to jacobeid Find More Posts by jacobeid freeofgreed Member (Today, 03:22 PM) Quote #4 Great news. It's crazy too think how much money JP devs were leaving on the table by ignoring steam up until recently. freeofgreed View Public Profile Send a private message to freeofgreed Find More Posts by freeofgreed miladesn Member (Today, 03:22 PM) Quote #5 Not enough copies to earn a patch though. miladesn View Public Profile Send a private message to miladesn Find More Posts by miladesn Jarod McChicken Member (Today, 03:22 PM) Quote #6 Owners : 28% from USA 14% from China 6% from UK 5% from Japan 5% from Germany Jarod McChicken View Public Profile Send a private message to Jarod McChicken Find More Posts by Jarod McChicken commish Jason Kidd murdered my dog in cold blood! (Today, 03:23 PM) Quote #7 Man, I just don't have time for this game. Unfortunate. commish View Public Profile Send a private message to commish Find More Posts by commish Yukinari Member (Today, 03:23 PM) Quote #8 If Japan wont buy PC games we sure as hell will. Yukinari View Public Profile Send a private message to Yukinari Find More Posts by Yukinari Ridley327 Member (Today, 03:23 PM) Quote #9 I can't imagine there being a more impressive sales story this year. This title took off in a way no one saw coming. Ridley327 View Public Profile Send a private message to Ridley327 Find More Posts by Ridley327 Rymuth Member (Today, 03:23 PM) Quote #10 Very well deserved. Rymuth View Public Profile Send a private message to Rymuth Find More Posts by Rymuth SuperBanana I probably took this opinion from Reddit (Today, 03:23 PM) Quote #11 No wonder it sold well which that fantastic post-release support they've been giving. SuperBanana View Public Profile Send a private message to SuperBanana Find More Posts by SuperBanana hidys Member (Today, 03:23 PM) Quote #12 Great game. Hopefully with this games success we see more mid-tier releases from Japan. hidys View Public Profile Send a private message to hidys Find More Posts by hidys QFNS Member (Today, 03:24 PM) Quote #13 Originally Posted by miladesn Not enough copies to earn a patch though. Should have been the first post right here. Seriously insane that a game that has done this well has gotten 0 post release support. QFNS View Public Profile Send a private message to QFNS Find More Posts by QFNS Muffin1611 Member (Today, 03:25 PM) Quote #14 This man deserves it. Muffin1611 View Public Profile Send a private message to Muffin1611 Find More Posts by Muffin1611 Boke1879 Member (Today, 03:25 PM) Quote #15 Can't wait to pick this game up later when I cut down the backlog a bit. Boke1879 View Public Profile Send a private message to Boke1879 Find More Posts by Boke1879 Hektor Member (Today, 03:25 PM) Quote #16 And that is without marketing or patches. Bless the Taro Hektor View Public Profile Send a private message to Hektor Visit Hektor's homepage! Find More Posts by Hektor Kickz Member (Today, 03:25 PM) Quote #17 Going to be hard for alot of games to go without PC release with these kind of numbers. Bye Console exclusives Kickz View Public Profile Send a private message to Kickz Find More Posts by Kickz NandoGip Member (Today, 03:25 PM) Quote #18 it still runs like shit from what I hear I'll probably buy it once it's patched NandoGip View Public Profile Send a private message to NandoGip Find More Posts by NandoGip Weltall Zero Member (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #19 Originally Posted by freeofgreed Great news. It's crazy too think how much money JP devs were leaving on the table by ignoring steam up until recently. It's even crazier to think how much money most JP devs are still leaving on the table by still ignoring Steam. Weltall Zero View Public Profile Send a private message to Weltall Zero Find More Posts by Weltall Zero mieumieu Member (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #20 Yoko Taro deserves this. Square Enix clearly doesn't. mieumieu View Public Profile Send a private message to mieumieu Find More Posts by mieumieu Trago Member (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #21 Did my part! The more Japanese success stories on PC the better. Trago View Public Profile Send a private message to Trago Find More Posts by Trago Arkanius Member (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #22 And still 0 patches It's amazing how the game is basically running on unnoficial fixes Arkanius View Public Profile Send a private message to Arkanius Find More Posts by Arkanius Santiako Member (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #23 Such an amazing game, well deserved. Now remaster Nier so people that haven't played it can experience it. Praise 2Booty. Santiako View Public Profile Send a private message to Santiako Visit Santiako's homepage! Find More Posts by Santiako Nirolak Mrgrgr (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #24 Originally Posted by Ridley327 I can't imagine there being a more impressive sales story this year. This title took off in a way no one saw coming. Proposal: http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1409235 Nirolak View Public Profile Send a private message to Nirolak Find More Posts by Nirolak ChryZ Member (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #25 Was it patched yet? ChryZ View Public Profile Send a private message to ChryZ Visit ChryZ's homepage! Find More Posts by ChryZ ShaoranWright Member (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #26 Originally Posted by Muffin1611 This man deserves it. Square-Enix must be very pleased with him right now. ShaoranWright View Public Profile Send a private message to ShaoranWright Find More Posts by ShaoranWright JaseC gave away the keys to the kingdom. (Today, 03:26 PM) Quote #27 Originally Posted by NandoGip it still runs like shit from what I hear I'll probably buy it once it's patched There's no patch in development. It's been a little under three months since the last time a dev/QA build was uploaded to Steam, and the associated update -- the only one thus far -- was just DLC prep. You can use FAR to reduce the quality of the global illumination system and get a nice performance boost, however. Last edited by JaseC; Today at 03:34 PM. JaseC View Public Profile Send a private message to JaseC Visit JaseC's homepage! Find More Posts by JaseC Sn4ke_911 If I ever post something in Japanese which I don't understand, please BAN me. (Today, 03:27 PM) Quote #28 Not deserved. The PC port is garbage. Sn4ke_911 View Public Profile Send a private message to Sn4ke_911 Find More Posts by Sn4ke_911 taybul Member (Today, 03:27 PM) Quote #29 Originally Posted by miladesn Not enough copies to earn a patch though. When it came down to getting this on PS4 or PC I opted for PC because of the steam sale. I really wish I did my research prior. Have they ever patched the aspect ratio issue? I'm guessing this is what you guys are referring to. No AAA developer should omit such a glaring issue in their titles. I spent the better part of an hour just trying to get the mod working that fixes this but ran into more issues fucking installing VC++ libraries. Gave up and resorted to running in Windowed mode. What the fuck. taybul View Public Profile Send a private message to taybul Find More Posts by taybul Blobbers Miyazaki is fully directing Dark Souls 3 and taking from Dark Souls 2 (Today, 03:27 PM) Quote #30 I wonder what Atlus is thinking right now as one of the few PC holdouts Great sales for an amazing game Blobbers View Public Profile Send a private message to Blobbers Find More Posts by Blobbers Kazuhira Member (Today, 03:29 PM) Quote #31 Originally Posted by miladesn Not enough copies to earn a patch though. Maybe if it sells another 500k,1 patch per million :P Kazuhira View Public Profile Send a private message to Kazuhira Find More Posts by Kazuhira JaseC gave away the keys to the kingdom. (Today, 03:29 PM) Quote #32 Originally Posted by Blobbers I wonder what Atlus is thinking right now as one of the few PC holdouts Great sales for an amazing game "'PC'? What's that?" JaseC View Public Profile Send a private message to JaseC Visit JaseC's homepage! Find More Posts by JaseC ShaoranWright Member (Today, 03:29 PM) Quote #33 Originally Posted by taybul When it came down to getting this on PS4 or PC I opted for PC because of the steam sale. I really wish I did my research prior. Have they ever patched the aspect ratio issue? I'm guessing this is what you guys are referring to. No AAA developer should omit such a glaring issue in their titles. I spent the better part of an hour just trying to get the mod working that fixes this but ran into more issues fucking installing VC++ libraries. Gave up and resorted to running in Windowed mode. What the fuck. In my case, FAR resolved must of my issues and played the game to completion. ShaoranWright View Public Profile Send a private message to ShaoranWright Find More Posts by ShaoranWright sixteen-bit Member (Today, 03:30 PM) Quote #34 Congrats on the success! Happy to see that embracing PC paid off. sixteen-bit View Public Profile Send a private message to sixteen-bit Find More Posts by sixteen-bit Pureauthor Author of GAF for Dummies and How to write a Kingdom Hearts story. (Today, 03:31 PM) Quote #35 Oh, wow those are some good numbers. Maybe I should join them... Oh wait they haven't patched the PC version yet. Welp. Pureauthor View Public Profile Send a private message to Pureauthor Find More Posts by Pureauthor Maintenance Member (Today, 03:31 PM) Quote #36 And still not fixed I guess. Shame, I'll probably never buy this mess since they gave up. Maintenance View Public Profile Send a private message to Maintenance Find More Posts by Maintenance KainXVIII Member (Today, 03:32 PM) Quote #37 Originally Posted by Sn4ke_911 Not deserved. The PC port is garbage. Yep, not buying until fully fixed. KainXVIII View Public Profile Send a private message to KainXVIII Find More Posts by KainXVIII CHC Member (Today, 03:33 PM) Quote #38 Originally Posted by JaseC There's no patch in development. It's been just under three months since the last time a dev/QA build was uploaded to Steam. You can use FAR to reduce the quality of the global illumination, though, and get a nice performance boost. It really is pathetic. I mean I know there is a mod and that's fine and good but for a game that launched simultaneously and full price on PC it's inexcusable. I can't get too mad about something like Dark Souls, which is in a similar state, because it was never planned for PC, but it's very disappointing that Nier is such a low priority for them. Especially with figures like these! I mean even one or two patches that ATTEMPT to fix some stuff is enough to earn my goodwill. But they ain't even trying... CHC View Public Profile Send a private message to CHC Find More Posts by CHC MilkBeard Member (Today, 03:35 PM) Quote #39 Good numbers. Glad it is seeing success. Now patch that thing SE! MilkBeard View Public Profile Send a private message to MilkBeard Find More Posts by MilkBeard Joey Ravn Member (Today, 03:35 PM) Quote #40 I'm really happy for Taro and the game, because it's absolutely amazing (so far, my GOTY, at least until I play Zelda!), but the PC port is bad. And there're no signs of it getting fixed. A shame, really. Joey Ravn View Public Profile Send a private message to Joey Ravn Find More Posts by Joey Ravn Draft Baldur's Gate II is the best RPG ever! Buy it here! (Today, 03:35 PM) Quote #41 Originally Posted by Sn4ke_911 Not deserved. The PC port is garbage. ?? Seen this a few places and it does not jibe with my experience. Have played through ending A and B. No hard crashes, runs at 60 hertz at 1440p, looks good, no bugs that interfered with quests, controller works, it's fine. What's the problem? Draft View Public Profile Send a private message to Draft Find More Posts by Draft Muffin1611 Member (Today, 03:36 PM) Quote #42 Originally Posted by Nirolak Proposal: http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1409235 Crash too, if we consider that it got 4th in June alone while being 2 days on the market. I'm a Crash fan and I sure as hell didn't expect that kind of demand. Muffin1611 View Public Profile Send a private message to Muffin1611 Find More Posts by Muffin1611 KorrZ Member (Today, 03:37 PM) Quote #43 I picked it up during the summer sale. I've only put ~2 hours into it so far but liked what I played. Eager to jump in and play more. Only thing that puts me off slightly is the idea of having to play multiple times to get the full story. KorrZ View Public Profile Send a private message to KorrZ Find More Posts by KorrZ Maintenance Member (Today, 03:37 PM) Quote #44 Originally Posted by Ridley327 I can't imagine there being a more impressive sales story this year. This title took off in a way no one saw coming. Crash, PUBG. Maintenance View Public Profile Send a private message to Maintenance Find More Posts by Maintenance LotusHD Member (Today, 03:38 PM) Quote #45 Could be even more if they'd just patch it I'm sure. Regardless, still neat to see it sell so well. LotusHD View Public Profile Send a private message to LotusHD Find More Posts by LotusHD Abilidebob Member (Today, 03:38 PM) Quote #46 It's fucking absurd that their only "response" to Eurogamer was pretty much "The problems that Nier Automate have are the GPU manufacturers' fault, we can't do anything by ourselves. Go bug AMD and Nvidia." Abilidebob View Public Profile Send a private message to Abilidebob Find More Posts by Abilidebob GoldandBlue Member (Today, 03:39 PM) Quote #47 And unfortunately they seem pretty content without patching the game. And so far it seems SE is not going to be changing their PC strategy soon with their Japanese titles. GoldandBlue View Public Profile Send a private message to GoldandBlue Find More Posts by GoldandBlue Joey Ravn Member (Today, 03:39 PM) Quote #48 Originally Posted by Draft ?? Seen this a few places and it does not jibe with my experience. Have played through ending A and B. No hard crashes, runs at 60 hertz at 1440p, looks good, no bugs that interfered with quests, controller works, it's fine. What's the problem? How's is it running at fullscreen, full resolution, without a mod or external program, for starters. Then http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/di...automata-on-pc Originally Posted by Maintenance Crash, PUBG. It's far easier to explain those two games. Crash had both massive nostalgia and a big marketing campaign behind it. PUBG is one of those games that took off thanks to popular streamers and ease of accessibility, much like Minecraft back in the day. Nier: Automata is a very niche title, sequel to a game that wasn't on PC, with barely any marketing to support it. If you ask me, it's a much more impressive success than both those games. And a much better game too. Last edited by Joey Ravn; Today at 03:41 PM. Joey Ravn View Public Profile Send a private message to Joey Ravn Find More Posts by Joey Ravn Ridley327 Member (Today, 03:40 PM) Quote #49 Originally Posted by Maintenance Crash, PUBG. PUBG I would grant, but I'd be shocked if a single Crash game in the past sold worse than the best-selling Taroverse game prior to Automata. Ridley327 View Public Profile Send a private message to Ridley327 Find More Posts by Ridley327 OfficerRaichu15 Member (Today, 03:40 PM) Quote #50 Guessing this will be Platinum's highest selling title in their history. OfficerRaichu15 View Public Profile Send a private message to OfficerRaichu15 Find More Posts by OfficerRaichu15 Top Gaming Community Off-Topic Community Post Reply Page 1 of 4 1 2 3 4 Next → report this ad All times are GMT +1. The time now is 10:26 PM. Contact Us
