Unboxing the Nike Zoom Vapor Tour RF x Air Jordan 3 "Fire Red" | Nice Kicks Social Accounts Instagram 2M Followers Twitter 792K Followers Facebook 1M Likes YouTube 632K Subscribers adidas ASICS Converse Jordan New Balance Nike Puma Under Armour Vans Release Dates Jordan release dates Sneaker Release Dates Unboxing the Nike Zoom Vapor Tour RF x Air Jordan 3 “Fire Red” Aug 22, 2017 Unboxing the Nike Zoom Vapor Tour RF x Air Jordan 3 “Fire Red” Aug 22, 2017 words & video // Ray P.: Watch here on YouTube Ahead of its release on August 23rd, grab an exclusive unboxing of the third collaboration between Michael Jordan and Roger Federer. Using the Nike Zoom Vapor Tour 9.5, Federer’s signature tennis shoe, as the base, this court transcending hybrid embodies the influence of the “Fire Red” Air Jordan 3. From Nike Air, to premium tumbled leather, and that elephant print we all adore, this is a hybrid done right! Watch the detailed in-hand review of the Nike Zoom Vapor Tour RF x Air Jordan 3 above. Although extremely limited, you can expect a wider release after tomorrow. Stick with Nice Kicks for up to the minute news. Like Tweet Pin it Ray P Teller of Truth, Lover of Sarcasm, and Wearer of Boost | Send me your love/hate mail -> @rayp_photos Air Jordan air jordan 3 fire red zoom vapor tour fire red air jordan 3 Nike Zoom Vapor Tour AJ3 roger federer michael jordan Previous Article adidas Concepts Created a Special Edition Ultra Boost 3.0 to Commemorate adidas Retail Partnership View Post Next Article adidas Yeezy Kanye West Debuts adidas YEEZY Calabasas Powerphase “Grey” View Post 13577 62 6872 72 18312 176 8672 109 12173 20 15559 420 Instagram 2M Twitter 792K Facebook 1M YouTube 632K We are sneakers. Search for: Search Input your search keywords and press Enter. X Event Name added to Watch List YesMaybe Submit Find my Watch List status for Event Name We have to look up your Watch List in order to change it Have I added these to my Watch List? Successfully added Event Name to your Watch List Successfully updated your Watch List status for Event Name Thank You We have email-ed you a confirmation to Change my Watch List status {"codes":{"err":"Required fields missing","err2":"Invalid email address","err3":"Please select Watch List status","err4":"Could not update Watch List status. Please contact us.","err5":"Could not find Watch List. Please try again or contact us.","err6":"Invalid Captcha code. Are you sure you aren't a bot?","err7":"Could not add these to your Watch List. Please try again.","err8":"You can only add this to your Watch List once.","err9":"Your request was for too many pairs. Please reduce the number you would like to add to your Watch List.","err10":"Your request was for too many pairs. Please reduce the number you would like to add to your Watch List.","succ":"Thank you for updating your Watch List status","succ_n":"Sorry to hear that you changed your mind on these shoes","succ_m":"Thank you for updating your Watch List","succ_c":"Great! We found you wanted these!"}} X
