The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels // Into the Wild | Nice Kicks Social Accounts Instagram 2M Followers Twitter 792K Followers Facebook 1M Likes YouTube 632K Subscribers adidas ASICS Converse Jordan New Balance Nike Puma Under Armour Vans Release Dates Jordan release dates Sneaker Release Dates The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels // Into the Wild Aug 22, 2017 The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels // Into the Wild Aug 22, 2017 photos by Matthew Barron Launching this morning, The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels has been shot on the street and shot on the stage. Over here at Nice Kicks? Well, we like to do things differently. A shoe made to juxtapose military strength with luxury steeze, we took Abel’s first foray in footwear away from the pavement and into the wild. War ready, the shoe worn by the XO frontman will get its fair share of on the red carpet, but we can see Abel donning these while crowdsurfing at the festivals or making moves in the LA nightlife scene. Removed rom its natural habitat, get an intimate look at the recently released The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels below. The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels Release Date: August 24, 2017 Price: $220 The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels RELATED: On Site // The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels Launch Concert Like Tweet Pin it Ian Stonebrook Ian Stonebrook lives in Austin, TX where he spends most of his time kicking it with friends and fam, hooping, golfing and going out. Puma The Weeknd The Weeknd x PUMA Parallels Previous Article Nike Nike Air Zoom Generation Retro // Release Date View Post Next Article Nike Nike Sportswear Skepta x Nike Air Max 97 Ultra // Release Date View Post 15612 70 7459 74 18473 178 8735 111 12254 20 15595 421 Instagram 2M Twitter 792K Facebook 1M YouTube 632K We are sneakers. Search for: Search Input your search keywords and press Enter. X Event Name added to Watch List YesMaybe Submit Find my Watch List status for Event Name We have to look up your Watch List in order to change it Have I added these to my Watch List? Successfully added Event Name to your Watch List Successfully updated your Watch List status for Event Name Thank You We have email-ed you a confirmation to Change my Watch List status {"codes":{"err":"Required fields missing","err2":"Invalid email address","err3":"Please select Watch List status","err4":"Could not update Watch List status. Please contact us.","err5":"Could not find Watch List. Please try again or contact us.","err6":"Invalid Captcha code. Are you sure you aren't a bot?","err7":"Could not add these to your Watch List. Please try again.","err8":"You can only add this to your Watch List once.","err9":"Your request was for too many pairs. Please reduce the number you would like to add to your Watch List.","err10":"Your request was for too many pairs. Please reduce the number you would like to add to your Watch List.","succ":"Thank you for updating your Watch List status","succ_n":"Sorry to hear that you changed your mind on these shoes","succ_m":"Thank you for updating your Watch List","succ_c":"Great! We found you wanted these!"}} X
