Employers worry about state of UK economy - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business selected Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Business selected Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Business Business Employers worry about state of UK economy 23 August 2017 From the section Business Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/business-41012279 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images UK employers are growing increasingly worried about the economy, new research has found. A survey of 601 employers by the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) found 31% expect the economy to worsen, with only 28% expecting it to improve. Employers' confidence has worsened since the last survey in July. REC chief Kevin Green said the decline should "raise a red flag" and called for greater clarity over Brexit. "The jobs market continues to do well despite growing uncertainty," he said. "Businesses are continuing to hire to meet demand, but issues like access to labour, Brexit negotiations and political uncertainty are creating nervousness." The REC's measure of confidence has turned negative in the space of a month. In July the number of those employers who felt confident about the economy outweighed the pessimists by 6 percentage points. The fall is matched by declining consumer confidence. In June the market research group GfK's consumer confidence index fell to the level last seen in the immediate aftermath of the Brexit vote. No spare capacity The REC's JobsOutlook survey showed that 40% of employers had no spare capacity and one in five planned to take on more permanent staff to meet additional demand. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption It's getting harder to find skilled workers according to the REC However, their biggest problem was finding the right candidates, especially in the construction industry, for either temporary or permanent positions. Mr Green said: "Employers in the construction sector are especially concerned as they rely heavily on EU workers to meet the growing demand for housing and to support the government's infrastructure plans. "The added factor of dropping consumer confidence is putting some businesses on edge. If people reduce their spending, businesses will be impacted. "The government must do more to create an environment where businesses have clarity. That means clearly laying out what Brexit plans look like and how employers can keep recruiting the people they need from the EU." Labour MP Mary Creagh, part of the Open Britain campaign group, said the government's refusal to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in the UK was damaging business confidence. "To protect jobs and our economy, they need to give citizens and businesses certainty that all EU workers living in Britain will have their rights guaranteed, and that Brexit will not be used as an excuse for a self-defeating crackdown on immigration from Europe," she said. A government spokesperson said: "We recognise and value the contribution that EU citizens make to the social, economic and cultural life of the UK and that's why last month we outlined our offer to protect the rights of EU citizens in the UK and UK nationals in the EU." Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Employers 'having to pay more to recruit new staff' 3 July 2017 Business confidence on the up, Lloyds survey finds 26 June 2017 Pay will continue to be squeezed, employers' survey suggests 15 May 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Business Sections Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business selected Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
