In pictures: Sunrise Celebration 2017 - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say In pictures: Sunrise Celebration 2017 22 August 2017 From the section Entertainment & Arts Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-41018011 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel A selection of photographer Mike Chapman's pictures of the Sunrise Celebration 2017, with words by Steve Hawkes, BBC News, in Herefordshire. Mike Chapman The Hat Club bring their "electric, eclectic, dubbed-up, ska-funked, gypsy-jazzed mash-up" to the Cat's Cradle stage on the opening night of the Sunrise Celebration festival, which ended in the early hours of Monday morning. Mike Chapman Workshops on offer in the Healing Field included Communicating with Fairies, Speed Date Heart Dowsing, How to Tame Your Dragon and a Journey through the Chakras. Mike Chapman This year's Sunrise Celebration was held in the 5,000-acre Kentchurch Estate home of the Scudamore family, and festivalgoers were offered guided nature walks and bushcraft workshops teaching wilderness-survival skills, including "the first two stages of invisibility". Mike Chapman Run on a not-for-profit basis, the Sunrise Celebration attempts to keep alive the counter-cultural spirit of the UK free-festival movement, and its main attractions are its hidden gems. Mike Chapman Simon, seven, and Jason, eight, enjoy a relaxing group gong bath courtesy of Brigid McGrath, of Brightfire Holistic. Mike Chapman Revellers at the main stage show their appreciation for Future Dub Orchestra. Mike Chapman Andy Quick and his band rock the main stage in the last of his 17 festival appearances this summer. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn News navigation Sections Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
