Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada selected UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say US & Canada selected US & Canada US & Canada Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see 22 August 2017 From the section US & Canada Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-41010898 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright AFP Image caption A composite image of what the total eclipse looked like from the Lowell Observatory in Madras, Oregon Americans gazed upwards in their millions on Monday, as a total solar eclipse swept the country. It was the first such eclipse to go from the west to east coasts of the US in 99 years. From schoolchildren in Missouri to mounted patrol officers in Idaho, the nation was transfixed by the sight of the Moon drifting in front of the Sun, and blocking its light. Image copyright Getty Images/Jeff Curry Image copyright Getty Images Far from the crowds on Earth, just six people saw the umbra, or the Moon's shadow, from space. International Space Station (ISS) astronauts had a clear view as they orbited above the US from an altitude of 250 miles (402km). They crossed the path of the eclipse three times. Image copyright NASA Meanwhile the BBC's James Cook had a front-row seat as he chased the Moon's shadow at 40,000ft. Image copyright JAMES COOK/BBC Warnings had been made about eye safety in the build-up to the eclipse, with people told they should not look at the Sun directly with the naked eye, and instead wear special protective eyewear. Most people appeared to heed this advice, though what some placed over their eyes may not have done much to protect them. Image copyright EPA Image caption A boy wearing protective eyewear looks at the solar eclipse from a beach in Chilmark, Massachusetts In Haiti's capital, Port-au-Prince, where the solar eclipse was partially visible, this man made glasses from a plastic bottle. Image copyright AFP While in Havana, Cuba, a street performer took his chances. Image copyright Reuters Others chose to project the eclipse, instead of trying to view it directly. Image copyright EPA The US President, for his part, did not set the best example. (Though he and the First Lady were also pictured wearing protective eyewear.) Image copyright AFP But Andrew, a dog belonging to a BBC News reader in Nashville, Tennessee, was well-equipped for sky-gazing. Image copyright Ashley Wilson In the town of Greenville, South Carolina, one set of parents made a last-minute decision to name their daughter, born hours earlier, in honour of the eclipse that cast a spell over their country. Eclipse Alizabeth Eubanks weighed six pounds and three ounces, according to Greenville Memorial Hospital. Image copyright Greenville Health System The singer Bonnie Tyler helped mark the moment aboard a cruise ship as it sailed through the path of totality. She sang a shorter two minute, 40 second version of her 1983 hit Total Eclipse of the Heart to match the longest duration of totality that was visible, near Carbondale, Illinois Despite being decades old, the song cruised straight to the top of the iTunes charts. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionBonnie Tyler performs her 1980s hit Total Eclipse of the Heart, to mark the total solar eclipse A different style of celebration took place at the Symbiosis Oregon Eclipse Festival in the Ochoco National Forest. Free spirits there raised their hands to the skies. Image copyright AFP All the while, ISS astronauts "photobombed" the solar eclipse - as this composite image shows. Image copyright AFP Finally, here are some of the most breathtaking photos of the solar eclipse, if you weren't lucky enough to see it with your own eyes. Image copyright EPA Image caption The progression of the eclipse as seen over Madras, Oregon in a composite image Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Full eclipse over a park in Hiawatha, Kansas Image copyright NASA/SDO Image caption The moon transits across the Sun in this picture from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory satellite . Related Topics International Space Station Nasa Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Solar eclipse 2017: Chasing the moon's shadow at 40,000ft 22 August 2017 Video Solar eclipse 2017: Donald Trump looks directly at the Sun 21 August 2017 Solar eclipse 2017: Americans gaze at sky spectacular 21 August 2017 Video Solar eclipse: See it in 60 seconds 21 August 2017 Video The eclipse chasers 17 August 2017 Video 'Addicted' to solar eclipses 18 August 2017 News navigation US & Canada Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada selected US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
