Pictures: Young Bird Photographer of the Year 2017 winners - CBBC Newsround Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD BBC navigation CBBC Newsround CBBC iPlayer CBBC on TV Bitesize Radio CBeebies Stay Safe CBBC Help Make It Digital Food Music Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC Home Menu Home Shows Games Quizzes Watch Join In Topics Newsround BBC Newsround Newsround navigation Sections Home News Sport Entertainment Animals Pictures: Young Bird Photographer of the Year 2017 winners 22 August 2017 Check out the best photos from the 2017 Young Bird Photographer of the Year has today been released and the overall winner has been announced. Ondrej Pelanek/BPOTY The winner of the Young Bird Photographer of the Year competition was Ondrej Pelanek from the Czech Republic. This image of a Whiskered Tern took first prize. Carlos Perez Naval/BPOTY Carlos Perez Naval's amazing photo of Steller's Eider swimming came in second place. The yearly photo competition is a run by the British Trust for Ornithology and Nature Picture Library. Marc Albiac Vilas/BPOTY Third place went to Marc Albiac with this stunning close-up shot of a Gannet's eye. The awards were set up to encourage and recognise the younger generation of birders and photographers. JOSIAH LAUNSTEIN/BPOTY Although Josiah Launstein missed out on one of the top prizes, his photo of a short-eared Owl on top of a tree is beautiful. James Welch/BPOTY What are you looking at? This photo of an Icelandic Puffin by James Welch made it to the final shortlist. The competition was open to anyone aged 18 and under. Juan van den Heever/BPOTY Finally, take a look at this amazing acrobatic photo of two Carmine bee-eaters fighting by Juan van den Heever. More on this story Flights of fancy, bird nests in the strangest places 19 April 2017 Video Why thousands of kids have got the birdwatching bug 17 January 2017 Video The secrets of birds' flight explored in special wind tunnel 30 August 2016 Image gallery Image gallery Image gallery Pictures: Spectacular snaps of birds 22 August 2017 Pictures: Spectacular snaps of birds Image gallery Image gallery Pictures: US enjoys amazing solar eclipse 21 August 2017 Pictures: US enjoys amazing solar eclipse Image gallery Image gallery Pictures: Uefa Player of the Year nominees 21 August 2017 Pictures: Uefa Player of the Year nominees Newsround navigation Sections Home News Sport Entertainment Animals Explore the BBC CBBC Newsround CBBC iPlayer CBBC on TV Bitesize Radio CBeebies Stay Safe CBBC Help Make It Digital Food Music Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
