Wayne Rooney: Everton forward 'under-appreciated', says Gary Lineker - BBC Sport Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBCSPORT All Sport All Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby U Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling BBC Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Union Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling A-Z Sports American Football Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Darts Disability Sport Football Formula 1 Gaelic Games Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Motorsport Olympic Sports Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Swimming Tennis Winter Sports Full Sports A-Z Events Euro 2016 Rio 2016 Around the UK England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland World Sport European Football Champions League African Football Football Scores & Fixtures Tables Gossip Transfers All Teams Leagues & Cups FA Cup European Women Predictor Scores & Fixtures Tables Gossip Transfers All Teams Leagues & Cups FA Cup European Women Predictor Football Home Wayne Rooney: Everton forward 'under-appreciated', says Gary Lineker 22 Aug From the section Football Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/41018943 Read more about sharing. Wayne Rooney has scored twice in two Premier League games for Everton this season Wayne Rooney is "under-appreciated" despite being one of the 10 best British players ever, says former England striker Gary Lineker. Everton forward Rooney, 31, scored his 200th Premier League goal in Monday's 1-1 draw at Manchester City. He is the all-time leading scorer for both England - with 53 - and Manchester United, for whom he scored 253 times in all competitions over 13 years. "He's been a great player for English football," said Lineker. When asked whether former England captain Rooney was under-appreciated, Match of the Day presenter Lineker said: "He probably is. He'd be [one of Britain's] top 10 ever - he's had a marvellous career." Rooney's focus on Everton before England Listen: 'Rooney may not want England return' 'England's only world-class player' Wayne Rooney scored four goals at Euro 2004 before injury in the quarter-final loss to Portugal Lineker added Rooney - overlooked by England manager Gareth Southgate for matches against Scotland and Spain in June - has been "unfortunate" to have played most of his national career as the team's "only world-class player" after the end of the so-called 'golden generation'. Rooney made his major tournament debut aged 18 at Euro 2004 in a squad containing Frank Lampard, John Terry, Michael Owen, Steven Gerrard, Gary Neville, Paul Scholes, David Beckham and Ashley Cole. He scored four goals in the tournament, but broke a bone in his foot during England's quarter-final exit to hosts Portugal. England have yet to progress beyond the quarter-finals of a major tournament since Euro 1996. "[England] went through a time of being bereft of world-class talent - it was just him," said Lineker. "He's gone to play in tournaments, sometimes not fully fit, sometimes fit, in a team that's not really good enough, and he's suffered a little bit from that. "Those of us who remember his early career - he was phenomenal. He did it in Portugal. We might have gone on to win that one if he hadn't [got injured], we were looking so good." 'He worked too hard because he's honest' Rooney was often left out of Manchester United's starting line-up by manager Jose Mourinho last season, making 25 Premier League appearances - his fewest in a league campaign. Lineker said the striker had "gradually slowed down" because he "worked too hard and chased back too much" earlier in his career. "But that was for the right reasons - he's doing that because he's so honest," added Lineker. "Everyone gets a bit under-appreciated because we are a judgemental society but it's also very tribal, football - if he's playing for Manchester United, automatically a lot of people would dislike him." 'His team-mates never doubt him' - Jagielka Rooney has now scored twice in two Premier League games since rejoining first club Everton in July. Toffees team-mate Phil Jagielka, 35, said he did not understand criticism of Rooney as the striker's record was "second to none" for club and country. "Wayne and his team-mates never doubt him, so I am not sure why people would doubt him," said Jagielka, who has made 40 England appearances. "So far for us, in pre-season and in the league and in our brief European stint, he has been one of our best players and hopefully that will continue." Rooney has said he is "focusing on Everton" rather than an international recall, but Jagielka believes the striker "has more goals to go for" if he is recalled by England. However, he added: "If not, we would be delighted he gets a rest and is ready to go for us." View Comments   Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/41018943 Read more about sharing. Find out more Match of the Day Facebook Read more on Match of the Day Facebook Match of the Day Twitter Read more on Match of the Day Twitter BBC Sport Facebook Read more on BBC Sport Facebook BBC Sport Twitter Read more on BBC Sport Twitter Top Stories Chaotic scenes greet first Mayweather-McGregor event of fight week 23 Aug From the section Boxing Read more on Chaotic scenes greet first Mayweather-McGregor event of fight week England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final 22 Aug From the section Rugby Union Read more on England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final Celtic through to Champions League group stage despite scare in Astana 22 Aug From the section Football Read more on Celtic through to Champions League group stage despite scare in Astana Related to this story Rooney's focus on Everton before England 22 Aug From the section Football Read more on Wayne Rooney: Everton striker's focus is on club rather than country Manchester City 1-1 Everton 21 Aug From the section Football Read more on Manchester City 1-1 Everton Rooney rejoins Everton from Man Utd 9 Jul From the section Football Read more on Wayne Rooney: Everton re-sign striker after 13 years at Manchester United Football notifications, social media and more Get latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online. Today's football gossip The latest rumours and stories from around the world of football. Commentaries, clips and podcasts Enjoy the best debate, analysis and interviews with 5 live and World Service football plus our commentary listings. How to get into Football How to get into football - the most popular sport in the world, with clubs and facilities throughout the UK. Back to top Football Scores & Fixtures Tables Gossip Transfers All Teams Leagues & Cups FA Cup European Women Predictor Football Home News Feeds Help & FAQs Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
