Johnson & Johnson faces $417m payout in latest talc case - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business selected Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Business selected Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Business Business Johnson & Johnson faces $417m payout in latest talc case 21 August 2017 From the section Business Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/business-41003540 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Johnson & Johnson said the safety of talc was supported by decades of scientific evidence Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay $417m (£323.4m) to a woman who says she developed ovarian cancer after using products such as baby powder. The California jury's decision marks the largest award yet in a string of lawsuits that claim the firm did not adequately warn about cancer risks from talc-based products. A spokeswoman for Johnson & Johnson defended the products' safety. The firm plans to appeal, as it has in previous cases. "We will appeal today's verdict because we are guided by the science," Carol Goodrich, spokesperson for Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc, said in a statement. The evidence around any link between talc use and cancer is inconclusive. Blood tests spot ovarian cancer early Johnson & Johnson, headquartered in New Jersey, faces thousands of claims from women who say they developed cancer due to using the firm's products to address concerns about vaginal odour and moisture. Johnson & Johnson has lost four of five previous cases tried before juries in Missouri, which have led to more than $300m in penalties. The California lawsuit was brought by Eva Echeverria, a 63-year-old woman who said she started using baby powder when she was 11 years old. She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer 10 years ago; the diagnosis is terminal, according to lawyers working on the case. The lawsuit alleged that the company was aware of cancer risk associated with talcum powder, but concealed that information from the public. The verdict included $70m in compensatory damages and $347m in punitive damages. Analysis: James Gallagher, health editor, BBC news website Is talc safe? There have been concerns for years that using talcum powder, particularly on the genitals, may increase the risk of ovarian cancer. But the evidence is not conclusive. The International Agency for Research on Cancer classifies talc used on the genitals as "possibly carcinogenic" because of the mixed evidence. Why is there any debate? The mineral talc in its natural form does contain asbestos and does cause cancer, however, asbestos-free talc has been used in baby powder and other cosmetics since the 1970s. But the studies on asbestos-free talc give contradictory results. It has been linked to a cancer risk in some studies, but there are concerns that the research may be biased as they often rely on people remembering how much talc they used years ago. Other studies have argued there is no link at all and there is no link between talc in contraceptives such as diaphragms and condoms (which would be close to the ovaries) and cancer. Also there does not seem to be a "dose-response" for talc, unlike with known carcinogens like tobacco where the more you smoke, the greater the risk of lung cancer. What should women do? The charity Ovacome says there is no definitive evidence and that the worst-case scenario is that using talc increases the risk of cancer by a third. But it adds: "Ovarian cancer is a rare disease, and increasing a small risk by a third still gives a small risk. So even if talc does increase the risk slightly, very few women who use talc will ever get ovarian cancer." Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Business Sections Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business selected Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
