Mark Wahlberg earned $42m more than the best paid actress last year - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Entertainment & Arts Entertainment & Arts Mark Wahlberg earned $42m more than the best paid actress last year 22 August 2017 From the section Entertainment & Arts Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-41010804 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Reuters/Getty Images Image caption Left-right: Mark Wahlberg, Emma Stone, Dwayne Johnson, Jennifer Aniston The size of the gender pay gap in the movie industry has been laid bare in new estimates of stars' pay packets. The world's 10 best-paid actors earned a total of $488.5m (£380.5m) in the past year, Forbes magazine calculated. That's almost three times more than their female counterparts, who took home $172.5m (£134m) between them. Transformers star Mark Wahlberg tops the male list with $68m (£53m) - compared with $26m (£20m) for the best-paid woman, La La Land's Emma Stone. Another 13 men earned more than Stone between June 2016 and June 2017, according to Forbes - including Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Jackie Chan and her La La Land co-star Ryan Gosling. Stone recently said some of her male co-stars have taken pay cuts so she can "have parity with them". Natalie Portman and Jennifer Lawrence are among the other stars who have spoken out about the issue. Bets-paid male stars 1. Mark Wahlberg - $68m 2. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson - $65m 3. Vin Diesel - $54.5m 4. Adam Sandler - $50.5m 5. Jackie Chan - $49m 6. Robert Downey Jr - $48m 7. Tom Cruise - $43m 8. Shah Rukh Khan - $38m 9. Salman Khan - $37m 10. Akshay Kumar - $35.5m Image copyright Getty Images Best-paid female stars 1. Emma Stone - $26m 2. Jennifer Aniston - $25.5m 3. Jennifer Lawrence (pictured) - $24m 4. Melissa McCarthy - $18m 5. Mila Kunis - $15.5m 6=. Emma Watson - $14m 6=. Charlize Theron - $14m 8=. Cate Blanchett - $12m 8=. Julia Roberts - $12m 10. Amy Adams - $10.5m Forbes writer Natalie Robehmed said the pay disparity was down to the types of roles on offer. She wrote: "In release schedules dominated by superhero movies and brawny blockbusters, there are simply fewer parts for women that pay the sizeable backend profits that result in leading men's large paydays, or the franchise sequels that permit aggressive negotiation for favourable deals." Robehmed added: "Until there are an equal number of high-paying roles, there will continue to be an inequality in the paychecks of Tinseltown's very richest." Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Noomi Rapace criticises 'disturbing' gender pay gap in Hollywood 8 August 2017 Emma Stone: Male co-stars took pay cut so they were paid the same as me 7 July 2017 Why Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman salary seems low compared to male actors 21 June 2017 Female stars call on BBC 'to sort gender pay gap now' 23 July 2017 Natalie Portman was paid less for a film role than her male co-star Ashton Kutcher 12 January 2017 Sienna Miller turned down a play over pay inequality 14 October 2015 Around the BBC Why are Hollywood Actresses Paid Less than Men? - BBC World Service Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Sections Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
