Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor: Chaos at media event in Las Vegas - BBC Sport Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBCSPORT All Sport All Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby U Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling BBC Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Union Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling A-Z Sports American Football Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Darts Disability Sport Football Formula 1 Gaelic Games Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Motorsport Olympic Sports Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Swimming Tennis Winter Sports Full Sports A-Z Events Euro 2016 Rio 2016 Around the UK England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland World Sport European Football Champions League African Football Boxing Results & Schedule Calendar Champions List Results & Schedule Calendar Champions List Boxing Home Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor: Chaos at media event in Las Vegas By Luke Reddy BBC Sport in Las Vegas 23 Aug From the section Boxing Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/boxing/41020155 Read more about sharing. Conor McGregor's fight on Saturday against Floyd Mayweather is his first ever professional boxing contest The opening event of a week of build-up to potentially the most lucrative fight in boxing history produced chaotic scenes in Las Vegas, with Floyd Mayweather booed by unhappy fans. The undefeated American arrived late and was barely visible, entering amid a large entourage before being largely hidden on stage by a media scrum. Conor McGregor, his UFC champion challenger, then arrived and made a beeline for an Irish flag in the crowd before performing an impromptu lap of fans, as media and security gave chase. Once on stage, the 29-year-old Irishman said he would be "calm and cold" when he met the former five-weight boxing world champion on Saturday. "He needs to be put to sleep," said McGregor. "He will wake up a better man. I am going to do that for him." 7,000 tickets still unsold Breaking down Mayweather v McGregor fight styles 'McGregor can win big whatever happens on Saturday' BBC 5 live sports correspondent Richard Conway This was hype and showmanship taken to a whole new level. When Conor McGregor finally walked on, he did so as the self-styled people's champion, strutting around the open plaza as if he owned it. Like a presidential candidate on the eve of polling day, he shook hands and high-fived as many supporters as he could reach. Dressed in a purple suit, he told his expectant audience he would knock Mayweather unconscious on Saturday night, which elicited a huge cheer. As he tried to depart I managed to ask him if he really is, as he claims, going to shock the world on Saturday night. Nodding, he turned to the crowd and said "for these fans, I love these fans". McGregor's legend continues to grow. It increasingly feels like he stands to win big in the long term, no matter what happens in the ring this weekend. Why the Tuesday chaos? Floyd Mayweather is a former five-weight world champion About 1,000 media from around the world have been accredited for Saturday's bout, many of them to be housed away from the venue at a media tent a short walk from the T-Mobile Arena. Outside the arena, a large security presence tried to keep the 'Grand Arrivals' ceremony cordial on Tuesday afternoon. Undercard fighters, including Wales' Nathan Cleverly, posed for head-to-head pictures without problems, until Mayweather entered, rather later than billed. He thanked the fans for making the fight happen and stressed McGregor's boxing debut would not last the scheduled 12 rounds. But those who had waited in temperatures of over 40C on a street adjacent to Las Vegas' famous strip showed their frustration when photographers and reporters surrounded 40-year-old Mayweather, blocking any sight of the former five-division world champion. Cries of "we want Conor" broke out from American fans, while added security was placed at the front of the stage, with media warned not to rush forward when McGregor arrived. When he did, flanked by his own entourage, they brushed shoulders with the departing Mayweather group, prompting brief panic among the security detail. Conor McGregor is the UFC lightweight champion "Over the course of the next week, Vegas is Ireland," said McGregor, after eventually making it to the stage. "We run Las Vegas. We are here to take over this whole city." Organisers say the bout - which will be broadcast on BBC Radio 5 live - is the most accessible in boxing history, with fans able to watch through social platforms. They estimate around a billion people will watch worldwide. It is expected the bout could generate over $600m and go close to becoming the richest in boxing history. Victory for Mayweather, who has come out of retirement for the fight, would take his record to 50 wins from 50 bouts and surpass the late Rocky Marciano's flawless 49-fight record. Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/boxing/41020155 Read more about sharing. Find out more British Boxing Board of Control Read more on British Boxing Board of Control UK Sport Read more on UK Sport Top Stories 'World-class Rooney under-appreciated' - Lineker 22 Aug From the section Football Read more on 'World-class Rooney under-appreciated' - Lineker England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final 22 Aug From the section Rugby Union Read more on England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final Celtic through to Champions League group stage despite scare in Astana 22 Aug From the section Football Read more on Celtic through to Champions League group stage despite scare in Astana Related to this story Breaking down Mayweather v McGregor fight styles 22 Aug From the section Boxing Read more on Mayweather v McGregor: Breaking down the fight styles Mayweather v McGregor live on BBC radio 21 Aug From the section Boxing Read more on Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor: Commentary on BBC Radio 5 live 'Mayweather-McGregor fight is a farce' 20 Aug From the section Boxing Read more on Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor: Lennox Lewis calls fight a 'farce' Boxing schedule and results 2017 20 May From the section Boxing Read more on Boxing schedule & results 2017 You Might Also Like 'Mayweather-McGregor fight is a farce' McGregor 'extremely dirty' when fighting Breaking down Mayweather v McGregor fight styles Joshua open to fight with MMA opponent Who is the real Conor McGregor? Bellew would fight Bisping in ring and cage Boxing programmes 5 live boxing: A look ahead to Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor Thu 24 Aug, 21:00 BST, BBC Radio 5 live Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor Sun 27 Aug, Broadcast time TBC (fight time 04:00 BST), BBC Radio 5 live Mayweather v McGregor replay Sun 27 Aug, 06:00 BST, BBC Radio 5 live sports extra Show more Back to top Boxing Results & Schedule Calendar Champions List Boxing Home News Feeds Help & FAQs Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
