BBC - Homepage Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC Homepage   Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. US & Canada Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan Conservative site's attack on Barron Trump sparks outrage US Conservative site's attack on Barron Trump sparks outrage Sixty migrants found locked in icy Texas truck US Sixty migrants found locked in icy Texas truck China relaunches world's fastest train Technology China relaunches world's fastest train The 100 greatest comedies of all time Culture The 100 greatest comedies of all time News Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' The Sagrada Familia cathedral was among the targets, a suspect tells a preliminary hearing in Madrid. Europe Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' US hits Chinese firms over North Korea Ten companies and six individuals in Russia and China are subject to a new round of US sanctions. US & Canada US hits Chinese firms over North Korea How children are starving in Yemen's war No food and intermittent electricity - a BBC team sees what medics are up against in a rebel-held city. Middle East How children are starving in Yemen's war Sport Chaotic scenes at Mayweather-McGregor event Conor McGregor says he will remain "calm and cold" when he faces Floyd Mayweather on Saturday amid chaotic scenes at the first media event of fight week. Boxing Chaotic scenes at Mayweather-McGregor event Rooney 'under-appreciated' - Lineker Wayne Rooney is "under-appreciated" despite being one of the 10 best British players ever, says former England striker Gary Lineker. Football Rooney 'under-appreciated' - Lineker England 20-3 France World champions England will defend their title against New Zealand after battling past France in a tense encounter to reach the final. Rugby Union England 20-3 France London Weather Edit Tue 16°C Wed 23°C 13°C Thu 22°C 13°C Fri 24°C 15°C Editor’s Picks How to drive younger workers away Bending the truth with the company mission is risky business Capital How to drive younger workers away The secret world of an opulent palace It’s only now revealing some of its best-kept mysteries Travel The secret world of an opulent palace The science of high-potency cannabis What is in cannabis that can make it dangerously powerful? Newsbeat The science of high-potency cannabis The best and worst cars driven by James Bond The vehicle hits and misses of 007 down the years Top Gear The best and worst cars driven by James Bond Why is Some Like It Hot so good? Billy Wilder’s film is the critics’ pick for the best comedy ever made Culture Why is Some Like It Hot so good? Why are ship collisions still possible? The ocean may be huge, but it’s not surprising that disasters happen Future Why are ship collisions still possible? Easy ways to give kids five-a-day Create a balanced and healthy diet with our guide Good Food Easy ways to give kids five-a-day Latest Business News 1 Forbes rich list exposes Hollywood pay gap 2 Vale the Village Voice: paper goes online 3 Tunisia holidays resumed at Thomas Cook 4 Ford eyes Chinese electric car deal 5 Barcelona sue Neymar over PSG move Technology of Business Business How your digital self could 'live' on after you die How your digital self could 'live' on after you die ADVERTISEMENT Life of Luxury Business The luxury firms using art to sell The luxury firms using art to sell Featured video How 'Brit hero' helped Las Ramblas victim British tourist Harry Athwal has been called a hero after he rushed to help a child on Las Ramblas, ignoring advice from the police to move to safety. UK How 'Brit hero' helped Las Ramblas victim Recommended Latest How 'Brit hero' helped Las Ramblas victim UK How 'Brit hero' helped Las Ramblas victim 'Foolish' driver's level-crossing crash UK 'Foolish' driver's level-crossing crash Baby rescued from Italian earthquake Europe Baby rescued from Italian earthquake Donald Trump looks directly at the Sun US & Canada Donald Trump looks directly at the Sun Has Harry Potter cursed Indonesia's owls? Asia Has Harry Potter cursed Indonesia's owls? Police raid Barcelona suspects' homes Europe Police raid Barcelona suspects' homes Jollof rice: West Africa's culinary king? Africa Jollof rice: West Africa's culinary king? BBC America Top Gear America: watch the premiere William Fichtner, Antron Brown, and Tom 'Wookie' Ford put the pedal to the metal Top Gear America: watch the premiere Schedule Channel Finder BBC World News Hardtalk: Benghazi Stephen Sackur goes back to Benghazi and finds a city still caught in the shadow of war Hardtalk: Benghazi Schedule Channel Finder BritBox Introducing BritBox The new streaming service from the BBC and ITV is the biggest collection of British TV in one place. Introducing BritBox Start your free trial Sign In More BBC channels BBC Canada Cbeebies BBC Kids BBC World Service On Air: Sporting Witness More from around the BBC 'Trump-shaped' ecstasy tablets seized The drugs were due to have been sold online under the slogan "Trump makes partying great again". Europe 'Trump-shaped' ecstasy tablets seized Two more Stranger Things series planned The creators of Netflix's hit supernatural drama reveal they see the show as "a four-season thing". Entertainment & Arts Two more Stranger Things series planned J&J to pay $417m over talc cancer case The payout - to a woman who developed ovarian cancer - is the largest award so far against the firm. Business J&J to pay $417m over talc cancer case Warning over DJI drone software update Spark drone owners have until 1 September to apply the update or their aircraft will no longer fly,... Technology Warning over DJI drone software update Employers fret about state of UK economy Recruitment and Employment Confederation survey finds employer confidence turns negative. Business Employers fret about state of UK economy What do the critics make of C4's GBBO? Viewers have a week to wait before The Great Bake Off returns. But will the wait be worth it? Entertainment & Arts What do the critics make of C4's GBBO? 'Cyborg' bugs deliver green fuel source Scientists create bacteria covered in tiny solar panels that generate a potential new fuel from the... Science & Environment 'Cyborg' bugs deliver green fuel source From Our Correspondents Sensor tracks who's driving in your neighbourhood By Dave Lee The end of Washington's second most powerful man By Nick Bryant Why Trump thinks he can win on race By Anthony Zurcher Why is the Philippines softening its China stance? By Karishma Vaswani A White House meltdown in the making By Anthony Zurcher Business mutiny leaves Trump isolated By Simon Jack America - diminished and dismissed By Katty Kay Obama tolerance tweet becomes most liked By Dave Lee The Boss The former child labourer making millions baking cakes Business The former child labourer making millions baking cakes Jumpstarting Japan 'I couldn't tell my parents I had started a business' Business 'I couldn't tell my parents I had started a business' World in pictures 'I watched the whole hill come down' Africa 'I watched the whole hill come down' Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see US & Canada Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Pictures: Spectacular snaps of birds Home Pictures: Spectacular snaps of birds In pictures: Sunrise Celebration 2017 Entertainment & Arts In pictures: Sunrise Celebration 2017 Scotland's far north In Pictures Scotland's far north BBC in other languages Persian آمریکا: روابط ما در گرو تغییر رفتار پاکستان است Spanish Cómo los bancos se volvieron un gran obstáculo para la legalización de la marihuana en Uruguay y el resto de América Urdu ’پاکستان نے رویہ نہ بدلا تو امریکی مراعات کھو سکتا ہے‘ Vietnamese Quan hệ Việt-Ấn là bước đi đối trọng với TQ? More Languages Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz Кыргыз Nepali नेपाली Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Portuguese BRASIL Russian НА РУССКОМ Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili SWAHILI Tamil தமிழ் Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Desktop Site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
