'Foolish' level crossing-hopping learner driver convicted - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK selected World Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability England selected Regions Essex selected Media player Media playback is unsupported on your device Video 'Foolish' level crossing-hopping learner driver convicted A learner driver has been banned from driving - before she even got her licence - after crashing through a level crossing barrier. Adenike Akingbogun, 44, of Monarch Drive, Sittingbourne, Kent, drove on to the crossing in Purfleet in Essex on Christmas Eve when the warning lights were flashing. As the barriers came down behind and in front of her car she made the decision to reverse - crashing through the barrier and ramming the vehicle behind her. British Transport Police said Akingbogun, who was with a qualified driver at the time, caused £1,100 of damage to the barrier. It was a "rather foolish manoeuvre", it said. She was convicted of driving a motor vehicle dangerously, fined £420 plus costs and was disqualified from driving for 12 months. 22 Aug 2017 From the section Essex Share Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/av/uk-england-essex-41014353/foolish-level-crossing-hopping-learner-driver-convicted Read more about sharing Close share panel More On: Loading... Video Top Stories Must See Most watched News navigation England Sections England Regions Essex selected Home UK selected UK Home England selected N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
