BBC Kids Skip to main content Toggle navigation Get VOD TV Schedule Games About Us Contact Jungle Bunch Weekdays at 4:30pm ET The unlikely defenders of the jungle The Paradise Coming-of-age story set in Britain’s first department store Sundays at 8pm TV Schedule Funny - whenever you want it Free with your television subscription Get VOD Get Video on Demand Funny - whenever you want it. Free with your television subscription. Call your television provider today for details. Browse On Demand Titles TV Schedule 100% Commercial Free Start your mornings with CBeebies preschool fun, relax after school with Cartoon Afternoons, or have a family evening filled with adventure and curiosity. All on BBC Kids. See Full TV Schedule Now Playing Doodlez Doodlez Up next at 7:30 PM Black Hole High Black Hole High Games Play Game Wooly Jumper Play Game Charlie & Lola Maze Game Play Game The Outlaws Revenge Play Game Nico Can Dance Play Game Third and Bird microsite Play Game Baby Jake Poppin' Peas Play Game Shaun's Bleat Box Play Game Tattle Tails - Feed the Babies Play Game Tattle Tails - Collect the Food Play Game Hide 'n Sheep! Play Game Lah Lah's Adventures Play Game One Dog and his Sheep Play Game Home Sheep Home 2 Play Game Baby Jake microsite Play Game Andy's Dinosaur Adventures About us BBC Kids is Canada's destination for 100% commercial-free fun for kids from their twos to teens. Fun for kids, trusted by parents - BBC Kids is available across Canada via subscription from your local television provider. Brought to you by the world's most trusted broadcasters, BBC Kids is operated through a joint venture between BBC Worldwide and Knowledge Network Corporation. Contact We appreciate your feedback and inquiries. Please use the form below to contact us. Kids, if you are under 19, please speak to your parents and get their consent before contacting us. Name * Email * Comments * Leave this field blank Send Follow Us Terms of Use - Privacy Policy © 2017 Knowledge West Communications Corporation.
