Stranger Things: Netflix series could end after four seasons - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Entertainment & Arts Entertainment & Arts Stranger Things: Netflix series could end after four seasons 22 August 2017 From the section Entertainment & Arts Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-41015248 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Alamy Image caption The second season of Stranger Things airs later this year Good news, Stranger Things fans: twin creators Matt and Ross Duffer have confirmed there will be a third series. Now here's the not-so-good news. The Duffer brothers don't have any plans to extend it beyond a series four. "We're thinking it will be a four-season thing and then out," said Ross Duffer in an interview with Vulture. The second series of Netflix's '80s-set supernatural smash, about kids probing strange goings-on in their Indiana home town, launches on 27 October. It follows a hit first season that revolved around the disappearance of one child and the arrival of another - a girl named Eleven - with special abilities. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Netflix show was created by twin brothers Ross and Matt Duffer The show won an outstanding ensemble performance prize at this year's Screen Actor Awards and is up for 18 more awards at this year's Emmys. It has also revived the career of Winona Ryder, whose role as single mom Joyce Byers and meme-worthy antics at the SAGs have seen her Hollywood profile soar. Speaking to Vulture, the Duffer brothers said Season 2 will be "a little bit bigger" than its predecessor. "We wanted to push things a bit," Ross is quoted as saying. "I told Matt, 'I don't want to call it season two, I just want it to feel like a movie sequel.'" All you need to know about Stranger Things S2 Streaming giant Netflix has faced criticism recently for allegedly padding out its shows to inordinate lengths - a tendency that helped to coin the phrase "Netflix bloat". Stranger Things, though, would seem to be bucking that trend, with Matt Duffer admitting: "I don't know if we can justify something bad happening to [the kids] once a year." Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk. Related Topics Netflix Television Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Emmys 2017: Westworld leads Stranger Things in nominations 13 July 2017 Everything you need to know about series two of Stranger Things 12 July 2017 Super Bowl trailers whip up fan anticipation 6 February 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Sections Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
