In pictures: Scotland's far north - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures selected Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say In Pictures In Pictures In pictures: Scotland's far north 21 August 2017 From the section In Pictures Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/in-pictures-40959933 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Three bodies of work offer a glimpse into daily life in rural Scotland in the late 1970s and 80s. From everyday life to local customs, the photographers show a different side to life as the towns keep their traditional identity amid modern times. Chick Chalmers Image copyright Chick Chalmers Chick Chalmers' documentary work focuses on the Orkney Islands and the inhabitants of towns such as Stromness. Below, sheep are transported from their grazing on the small island of Copinsay to be sold in the capital, Kirkwall. Image copyright Chick Chalmers Image copyright Chick Chalmers At the Orkney Fishermen's Society Ltd, a co-operative in Stromness, crabs are boiled then packaged for export, but lobster are exported alive. Image copyright Chick Chalmers Accompanied by his dog, a man attempts to drink a yard of ale while a crowd watches on during Stromness Shopping Week. Tom Kidd Image copyright Tom Kidd Tom Kidd's project went even further north, focusing on the Shetland Islands. In the parish of Nesting, John and Jeannie are seen at home with their pet lamb. Kidd also catches people returning from church on Fair Isle and walking through the landscape of Walls. Image copyright Tom Kidd Image copyright Tom Kidd Glyn Satterley Glyn Satterley is known for his images of Scottish sporting estates, but in these images he documents life in the areas of Caithness and Sutherland. Many believed that the oil industry brought wealth and prosperity to the whole of Scotland, Satterley's images attempt to show a different side to the story. Image copyright Glyn Satterley In these photographs, a woman tosses a broom in Dunbeath and a weaver works her loom in Brora Mill. Potatoes are picked in John O'Groats and in a hotel in Golspie, women hand-fold and assemble The Northern Times ready for publication. Image copyright Glyn Satterley Image copyright Glyn Satterley Image copyright Glyn Satterley Image copyright Glyn Satterley All photographs courtesy of Street Level Photoworks. They can be viewed at the gallery in Glasgow until 27 August. Related Topics Photography Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn News navigation Sections Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures selected Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
