Home - BBC News Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC BBC News News NavigationSections HomeHome selected Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say More More sections HomeHome selected Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Economy Global Education Business of Sport Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Home BreakingBreaking news Close breaking news Latest Stories Most ReadSkip to most read Latest Stories Most Read Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 2h2 hours ago US & Canada Related content Video Trump flips on Afghanistan Viewpoint: The US should withdraw Trump rhetoric v Afghan reality Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' The Sagrada Familia cathedral was among the targets, a suspect tells a preliminary hearing in Madrid. 2h2 hours ago Europe US hits Chinese firms over North Korea Ten companies and six individuals in Russia and China are subject to a new round of US sanctions. 2h2 hours ago US & Canada Video Video How children are starving in Yemen's war No food and intermittent electricity - a BBC team sees what medics are up against in a rebel-held city. 2h2 hours ago Middle East Teenager arrested for doing Macarena A 14-year-old is arrested in Saudi Arabia after a clip of him dancing in the street went viral. 3h3 hours ago Middle East Actress' 'self-sacrifice' post goes viral If you post photos and comments of your trips online, a backlash may follow as a US actress found out. 10h10 hours ago Missouri halts execution of US inmate Marcellus Williams's conviction is to be reviewed, as his lawyers say DNA points to another man. 3h3 hours ago US & Canada Sixty migrants locked in icy Texas truck The migrants were found lying on sheets of ice by border patrol agents in Texas. 7h7 hours ago US & Canada Bear gets a punch after entering home The aggressive bear was eventually killed by authorities after it chased a man down the street. 6h6 hours ago US & Canada Harry 'very glad' to join Diana funeral The prince previously said walking behind her coffin was something no child "should be asked to do". 3m4 minutes ago UK Denmark torso 'deliberately mutilated' Danish police say they do not yet know if the torso belongs to missing journalist Kim Wall. 7h7 hours ago Europe Harry 'very glad' to join Diana funeral The prince previously said walking behind her coffin was something no child "should be asked to do". 3m4 minutes ago UK Denmark torso 'deliberately mutilated' Danish police say they do not yet know if the torso belongs to missing journalist Kim Wall. 7h7 hours ago Europe Video Video Philippines Catholics oppose drug war Churches in Cubao will ring their bells every night in protest against President Duterte's war on drugs. 2h2 hours ago Asia European court not necessary, says UK Ministers say the European Court of Justice is not needed to police UK-EU relations after Brexit. 2h2 hours ago UK Politics China relaunches world's fastest train The high-speed trains will be able to run at speeds of 350km/h following safety checks on rail lines. 11h11 hours ago Technology Comments Must See 'I watched the whole hill come down' How to Watch BBC World News TV The latest global news, sport, weather and documentaries Audio Listen Live Audio BBC World Service Radio Stories from around the world Video Video Has Harry Potter cursed Indonesia's owls? Gallery Gallery Brooklyn's Photoville festival Video Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations The solar eclipse pictures you have to see Video Video 'I helped build the world’s longest tunnel' Most watched 1 Video Man walks away from 200mph crash 2 Video 'I helped build the world’s longest tunnel' 3 Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? 4 Video 'The self-harming is unbelievable' 5 Video Watch the eclipse in 60 seconds Full Story Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Who has troops in Afghanistan? Saving Grace: The cost of diplomatic immunity Chasing the moon's shadow at 40,000ft Would you try acupuncture for your pet? 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When is the next solar eclipse in my country? Most read 1 Attack on Barron's clothes sparks outrage 2 Teenager arrested for doing Macarena 3 Actress' 'self-sacrifice' post goes viral 4 Bear gets a punch after entering home 5 Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan 6 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 7 Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see 8 Denmark torso 'deliberately mutilated' 9 Sixty migrants locked in icy Texas truck 10 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' Around the BBC Why are ship collisions still possible? BBC Future How to drive younger workers away BBC Capital The secret world of an opulent palace BBC Travel The 100 greatest comedies of all time BBC Culture The most powerful punch of all BBC Earth How prepared are we for nuclear war? BBC Future The candy boss teaching Google business BBC Capital SportSee All Chaotic scenes at Mayweather-McGregor event 2m2 minutes ago Boxing Rooney 'under-appreciated' - Lineker 2h2 hours ago Football Comments England 20-3 France 2h2 hours ago Rugby Union Comments Astana 4-3 Celtic (agg 4-8) 6h6 hours ago Football Comments Afridi ton takes Hants to Finals Day 3h3 hours ago Counties Have teams 'devalued' the EFL Cup? 1han hour ago Football Comments Raikkonen agrees new deal with Ferrari 13h13 hours ago Formula 1 Comments News NavigationSections Sections HomeHome selected Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Economy Global Education Business of Sport Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBCCopyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
