Obama tolerance tweet becomes most liked - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Obama tolerance tweet becomes most liked Dave Lee North America technology reporter 16 August 2017 From the section Technology comments Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-40945096 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The picture showed children at a day care centre in Maryland It may be President Trump's communication tool of choice - but it's a tweet by former President Barack Obama that has become the most liked in Twitter's history. The tweet, the first in a series of three, quoted Nelson Mandela and was accompanied by a picture of Mr Obama smiling with a group of children from different racial backgrounds. It has been liked almost three million times since it was posted on 13 August following the attack in Charlottesville, Virginia. The milestone was reached at approximately 01:07 GMT, Twitter told the BBC. It overtook a tweet posted by Ariana Grande expressing condolences after the Manchester terror attack in May. ‘Taught to love' Over three tweets, Mr Obama quoted a passage from Mr Mandela’s autobiography, The Long Walk To Freedom. "No one is born hating another person because of the colour of his skin or his background or his religion,” the quote reads. Skip Twitter post by @BarackObama "No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." pic.twitter.com/InZ58zkoAm— Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017 Report End of Twitter post by @BarackObama "People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.” The picture shows Mr Obama in 2011 visiting a day care centre in Bethesda, Maryland. It was taken by the then-White House photographer, Pete Souza. Since President Trump election win, Mr Souza has been posting topical images on Instagram, mostly highlighting Mr Obama's approach to the presidency in comparison to his successor. View comments Related Topics Twitter Barack Obama Donald Trump Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Trump tweets cartoon of train hitting CNN reporter 15 August 2017 Video How the internet united against neo-Nazi Daily Stormer site 15 August 2017 GoDaddy and Google expel Daily Stormer over victim smear 14 August 2017 More from Dave More Technology stories Top Stories Harry 'very glad' to join Diana funeral The prince previously said walking behind her coffin was something no child "should be asked to do". 23 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan 22 August 2017 News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
