Sixty migrants found locked in icy truck on US-Mexico border - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada selected UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say US & Canada selected US & Canada US & Canada Sixty migrants found locked in icy truck on US-Mexico border 22 August 2017 From the section US & Canada Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-41007194 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright CBP Image caption The migrants were laying on a sheet of ice inside the truck Sixty undocumented migrants from Central America were discovered locked inside a food truck by US officials as they tried to cross the border. They were found "laying on and within pallets of broccoli lined with a thin sheet of ice", US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) said in a statement. The temperature inside the truck was 49F (9.5C), and it was padlocked shut with "no means of escape". Nobody was hurt and the driver was arrested on human smuggling charges. The CBP reports that the 60 people discovered on Saturday come from Guatemala, Mexico, El Salvador and Honduras. They were transported to the Falfurrias Border Patrol Station for deportation processing after being discovered by a sniffer dog. Several of the migrants wore hooded jackets and trousers as they lay on the ice. Rio Grande Valley Sector Chief Manuel Padilla Jr warned of "serious consequences for truck drivers who engage in smuggling". Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionMigrant deaths: How one Texas county is struggling to cope Last month, 10 migrants died after they were locked inside a truck in Texas. That truck, which was discovered abandoned in a sweltering San Antonio Walmart car park, may have contained nearly 100 people, officials estimate. Several migrants fled the scene after officials prised open the truck door. Image copyright CBP Image caption Officials found the temperature to be 9.5C on the ice Related Topics Texas Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story San Antonio truck tragedy: Driver charged 25 July 2017 San Antonio: Truck found in Texas with dozens inside 24 July 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation US & Canada Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada selected US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
