'Cyborg' bacteria deliver green fuel source from sunlight - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science selected Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Science & Environment Science & Environment 'Cyborg' bacteria deliver green fuel source from sunlight By Matt McGrath Environment correspondent 22 August 2017 From the section Science & Environment Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-40975719 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright SAKIMOTO Image caption Scientists have grown bacteria covered in tiny solar panels made from cadmium sulphide Scientists have created bacteria covered in tiny semiconductors that generate a potential fuel source from sunlight, carbon dioxide and water. The so-called "cyborg" bugs produce acetic acid, a chemical that can then be turned into fuel and plastic. In lab experiments, the bacteria proved much more efficient at harvesting sunlight than plants. The work was presented at the American Chemical Society meeting in Washington. Researchers have been attempting to artificially replicate photosynthesis for many years. Solar panel bugs In nature, the green pigment chlorophyll is key to this process, helping plants to convert carbon dioxide and water, using sunlight, into oxygen and glucose. But despite the fact that it works, scientists say the process is relatively inefficient. This has also been a big problem with most of the artificial systems developed to date. This new approach seeks to improve that efficiency by essentially aiming to equip bacteria with solar panels. After combing through old microbiology literature, researchers realised that some bugs have a natural defence to cadmium, mercury or lead that lets them turn the heavy metal into a sulphide which the bacteria express as a tiny, crystal semiconductor on their surfaces. "It's shamefully simple, we've harnessed a natural ability of these bacteria that had never been looked at through this lens," said Dr Kelsey Sakimoto from Harvard University in Massachusetts, US. "We grow them and we introduce a small amount of cadmium, and naturally they produce cadmium sulphide crystals which then agglomerate on the outsides of their bodies." Image copyright PEIDONG YANG Image caption The bacteria are said to be more efficient than plants at producing useful materials from sunlight "You grow them in their liquid broth and you just add small aliquots of cadmium solution and you wait a couple of days and out pops these photosynthetic organisms. "It's all very simple, mix-in-a-pot-chemistry." These newly boosted bacteria produce acetic acid, essentially vinegar, from CO2, water and light. They have an efficiency of around 80%, which is four times the level of commercial solar panels, and more than six times the level of chlorophyll. "We prize these cyborg bacteria and their ability to make acetate because they produce a substrate that we can already use to produce more valuable and more interesting products," said Dr Sakimoto. "We have collaborators who have a number of strands of E. coli that are genetically engineered to take acetic acid as their food source and they can upgrade it into butanol and a polymer called polyhydroxybutyrate." Soaking in the Sun Dr Sakimoto believes that these bacteria offer some advantages over other approaches to generating green energy from biological sources. Other techniques for artificial photosynthesis require expensive solid electrodes. The cyborg bug approach really only needs large vats of liquid to be kept out in the Sun - the bacteria are self-replicating and self-regenerating, making it potentially a low waste technology. It might work best in rural areas or in the developing world. The research work was carried out at the University of California, Berkeley in the lab of Dr Peidong Yang. "The thrust of research in my lab is to essentially 'supercharge' non-photosynthetic bacteria by providing them energy in the form of electrons from inorganic semiconductors, like cadmium sulphide, that are efficient light absorbers," Dr Yang said. "We are now looking for more benign light absorbers than cadmium sulphide to provide bacteria with energy from light." The researchers believe that while their approach has taken an important new step, it might not ultimately be the technology that prevails. "There are so many different designs of these systems coming out and really we've only begun to explore the different ways we can combine chemistry and biology," said Dr Sakimoto. "And there's a real possibility that that there will be some upstart technology that will come out that will do better than our system." Follow Matt on Twitter and on Facebook. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Sections Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science selected Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
