Barcelona sue Neymar over world record transfer to Paris St-Germain - BBC Sport Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBCSPORT All Sport All Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby U Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling BBC Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Union Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling A-Z Sports American Football Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Darts Disability Sport Football Formula 1 Gaelic Games Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Motorsport Olympic Sports Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Swimming Tennis Winter Sports Full Sports A-Z Events Euro 2016 Rio 2016 Around the UK England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland World Sport European Football Champions League African Football Football European Football Scores & Fixtures Tables Champions League Europa League Scores & Fixtures All Teams Leagues & Cups Scores & Fixtures Tables Champions League Europa League European Football Home More from Football Scores & Fixtures All Teams Leagues & Cups Football Home Barcelona sue Neymar over world record transfer to Paris St-Germain 22 Aug From the section European Football Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/41014149 Read more about sharing. Neymar criticised the Barcelona board earlier this week Barcelona are suing former player Neymar for 8.5m euros (£7.8m) over his world record move to Paris St-Germain. The Brazil international made the 222m euro (£200m) move to the French club in August after buying out his contract. Barcelona now want him to return a renewal bonus he was paid when he signed a new five-year deal just nine months before forcing through the move. "The club demands the player return the already paid sum as he has not completed his contract," it said. As well as the 8.5m euro bonus, the club wants "an additional 10% because of delayed payment". The statement continued: "The club also requests Paris St-Germain take on responsibility for the payment of these fees if the player cannot do so himself." Paris St-Germain later responded to say they were "surprised" by Barcelona's statement, adding: "The club repeats that, along with Neymar Jr, it strictly respected all applicable laws and rules and can only regret, once again, the attitude of FC Barcelona." The lawsuit was submitted on 11 August to the Labour Tribunal in Barcelona. Following the transfer, Barcelona announced the club was withholding a further 26m euro (£23m) loyalty bonus from the player. Neymar criticised the directors of the club on Sunday after scoring twice on his home debut for PSG in a 6-2 win over Toulouse. "I spent four beautiful years there and parted happy," said the 25-year-old. "But with [the board], no. "For me, they are not the people who should be there, for the direction of Barca. Barca deserve much better." Analysis Spanish football journalist Eduardo Alvarez speaking to BBC World Service I am surprised about this news because this Barcelona board has some history in this type of action. They sued former President Juan Laporta (seeking to hold him personally responsible for alleged losses during his mandate) and they lost that case. It was terrible in terms of reputation for the club. Laporta was exonerated. Now, to be suing a former player sounds extremely harsh even if you don't agree with the way he left. Barcelona mentioned in their statement that they sent this case to the Spanish authorities on 11 August so maybe Neymar's words on Sunday after his PSG home debut were a reaction this news? View Comments   Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/41014149 Read more about sharing. Find out more Match of the Day Facebook Read more on Match of the Day Facebook Match of the Day Twitter Read more on Match of the Day Twitter BBC Sport Facebook Read more on BBC Sport Facebook BBC Sport Twitter Read more on BBC Sport Twitter Uefa Read more on Uefa Uefa Champions League Read more on Uefa Champions League La Liga Read more on La Liga Ligue 1 Read more on Ligue 1 Top Stories Chaotic scenes greet first Mayweather-McGregor event of fight week 23 Aug From the section Boxing Read more on Chaotic scenes greet first Mayweather-McGregor event of fight week 'World-class Rooney under-appreciated' - Lineker 22 Aug From the section Football Read more on 'World-class Rooney under-appreciated' - Lineker England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final 22 Aug From the section Rugby Union Read more on England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final Related to this story Barcelona deserve better board - Neymar 21 Aug From the section European Football Read more on Neymar: Paris St-Germain forward says Barcelona 'deserve better' board PSG sign Neymar for world record £200m 3 Aug From the section European Football Read more on Neymar: Paris St-Germain sign Barcelona forward for world record 222m euros Neymar finally signs new Barca deal 21 Oct From the section European Football Read more on Neymar: Barcelona forward finally signs new contract Football notifications, social media and more Get latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online. Today's football gossip The latest rumours and stories from around the world of football. Commentaries, clips and podcasts Enjoy the best debate, analysis and interviews with 5 live and World Service football plus our commentary listings. How to get into Football How to get into football - the most popular sport in the world, with clubs and facilities throughout the UK. Explore the BBC The men fighting not to be forgotten Life in some of Britain's most deprived estates Back to top European Football Scores & Fixtures Tables Champions League Europa League European Football Home More from Football Scores & Fixtures All Teams Leagues & Cups Football Home News Feeds Help & FAQs Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
