Women's Rugby World Cup: England 20-3 France - BBC Sport Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBCSPORT All Sport All Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby U Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling BBC Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Union Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling A-Z Sports American Football Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Darts Disability Sport Football Formula 1 Gaelic Games Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Motorsport Olympic Sports Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Swimming Tennis Winter Sports Full Sports A-Z Events Euro 2016 Rio 2016 Around the UK England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland World Sport European Football Champions League African Football Rugby Union Live Scores Results Fixtures Tables All Teams English Scottish Welsh Irish Live Scores Results Fixtures Tables All Teams English Scottish Welsh Irish Rugby Union Home Women's Rugby World Cup: England 20-3 France By James Standley BBC Sport 22 Aug From the section Rugby Union Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/rugby-union/41001764 Read more about sharing. Sarah Bern's powerful finish finally gave England breathing space in a hard-fought contest World Cup semi-final: England v France England (3) 20 Tries: Bern, Jones Cons: Scarratt 2 Pens: Scarratt 2 France (3) 3 Pen: Izar World champions England will defend their title against New Zealand after a powerful second-half display saw them overcome France to reach the final. A tight first half saw the sides reach the interval at 3-3 after Shannon Izar cancelled out Emily Scarratt's penalty. England upped their game in the second period and Scarratt edged them back in front with her second penalty. Prop Sarah Bern drove over for a converted score to move England clear before Megan Jones' last-gasp try. They will now play New Zealand on Saturday at the Kingspan Stadium in Belfast, kick-off 19:45 BST, in a bid to retain the title they won against Canada in 2014. Four-time champions the Black Ferns were far too good for the USA, running out 45-12 victors in the first semi-final. Defence wins matches England were under the cosh for long periods in the first half and the fact they had made over 50 tackles in the first 15 minutes showed just how hard France came at them. However, the Red Roses' white wall was unbreakable and when they finally lifted the siege, the psychological victory was probably as important as keeping the French scoreless. In the second half England were much the better side and kept France pinned back for long periods, but even then it took two brilliant tackles to keep France out at a time when the champions only led by 10 points. First Bern somehow held up Julie Annery as she stepped inside a yard from the line, and a minute later a desperate tackle from Jones saw the flanker just put a foot in touch as she dived over the line. Jones' superb last-gasp tackle denied Julie Annery and halted the French revival England up their game Despite France's pressure, England were level at the break and they looked like a side who never thought they could lose. After the interval they turned up the power and, with front-foot ball to play with, the backs began to enjoy much more possession. Even then the champions only led by three points entering the final quarter, before the relentless pressure they were applying finally told. Bern was superb in both attack and defence and she popped up to dive over from close range. As the game entered the final minutes England looked the fitter side and their suffocating defensive pressure saw Jones seize on a loose French pass to score with the clock deep in the red. Champions do the basics well The Red Roses were totally dominant in the line-out, stealing half a dozen French throws, which prevented Les Bleues from building momentum at crucial moments. Goal-kicker Scarratt was her old self from the tee, landing two conversions and two penalties in another classy all-round performance. One gliding break lifted the first-half siege and took England into French territory, before she popped up at the next phase to give winger Lydia Thompson the chance to attack with a crisp, first-time pass. Katy Mclean's kicking helped pin France back and although not every tackle was made, the total commitment in defence was key to subduing France - and is likely to be crucial once more against free-scoring New Zealand on Saturday. Player of the match - Sarah Bern Sarah Bern drives forwards despite the tackle of powerhouse France number eight Safi N'Diaye Tight-head prop Bern has been in superb form all tournament, and the 20-year-old was once again a force of nature in Belfast. The England scrum went into reverse on occasion against France, but at other times Bern and co shoved Les Bleues back at a rate of knots. And around the park Bern was sensational, one moment smashing the French back in defence, the next powering forward with ball in hand. Saturday's World Cup final could be the first of three or four for the Bristol front-rower. 'Our defence won that game' England captain Sarah Hunter speaking to ITV: "It's fantastic that we've come and done the job that we wanted to do. Our defence won that game. France came at us and they've given us the greatest test we've had so far in this tournament. "We knew we had the mindset. Both defences stood up and the tackle count shows that, but we had a white wall and there was no way they were getting across our try line tonight. "One try and France would have been back in the game but we pride ourselves on our defence and Megan Jones made a fantastic tackle [to deny Julie Annery]." This content will not work on your device, please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser Semi-final teams England: Danielle Waterman (Bristol); Lydia Thompson (Worcester Valkyries), Emily Scarratt (Lichfield), Rachael Burford (Harlequins Ladies), Kay Wilson (Richmond); Katy Mclean (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Natasha Hunt (Lichfield); Vickii Cornborough (Harlequins Ladies), Amy Cokayne (Lichfield), Sarah Bern (Bristol), Abbie Scott (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Tamara Taylor (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Alex Matthews (Richmond), Marlie Packer (Bristol), Sarah Hunter (Bristol, captain) Replacements: Vicky Fleetwood (Saracens), Rochelle Clark (Worcester Valkyries), Justine Lucas (Lichfield), Harriet Millar-Mills (Lichfield), Izzy Noel-Smith (Bristol), La Toya Mason (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Amber Reed (Bristol), Megan Jones (Bristol) France: Amedee; Guiglion, Ladagnous, Poublan, Izar; Drouin, Rivoalen; Deshayes, Mignot (capt), Duval, Corson, Forlani, Mayans, Annery, N'Diaye. Replacements: Thomas, Arricastre, Carricaburu, André, Diallo, Le Pesq, Neisen, Pelle Get all the latest rugby union news by adding notifications in the BBC Sport app. View Comments   Share this page Share this with Digg Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/sport/rugby-union/41001764 Read more about sharing. Find out more Women's Rugby World Cup Read more on Women's Rugby World Cup England Rugby Read more on England Rugby Top Stories Chaotic scenes greet first Mayweather-McGregor event of fight week 23 Aug From the section Boxing Read more on Chaotic scenes greet first Mayweather-McGregor event of fight week 'World-class Rooney under-appreciated' - Lineker 22 Aug From the section Football Read more on 'World-class Rooney under-appreciated' - Lineker Celtic through to Champions League group stage despite scare in Astana 22 Aug From the section Football Read more on Celtic through to Champions League group stage despite scare in Astana Related to this story Relive how England beat France to reach World Cup final v New Zealand 20 Aug From the section Rugby Union Read more on Relive how England beat France to reach World Cup final v New Zealand England into World Cup semi-finals with big win over USA 17 Aug From the section Rugby Union Read more on England into World Cup semi-finals with big win over USA England 56-13 Italy 13 Aug From the section Rugby Union Read more on Women's Rugby World Cup: England 56-13 Italy England 56-5 Spain 9 Aug From the section Rugby Union Read more on Women’s Rugby World Cup: England 56-5 Spain Hosts Ireland's World Cup hopes ended by France 17 Aug From the section Irish Rugby Read more on Hosts Ireland's World Cup hopes ended by France Wales see off spirited Hong Kong 17 Aug From the section Welsh Rugby Read more on Wales see off spirited Hong Kong Rugby union commentaries England v France Women's Rugby World Cup semi-final, Tue 22 Aug, 19:35 BST, BBC Radio 5 live sports extra Full list of BBC rugby union commentaries Show more Featured How to get into rugby union How to get into rugby union - into the thick of the 15-player game or try rugby sevens, which made its Olympic debut in 2016. Rugby notifications, social media and more Get latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online. Commentaries, clips and podcasts Enjoy the best debate, analysis and interviews with BBC 5 live and World Service plus our rugby union commentary listings. What's on BBC Sport this week This week's sport on the BBC includes the Challenge Cup final from Wembley, England v West Indies in the second Test at Headingley and the Belgian Grand Prix. Explore the BBC The men fighting not to be forgotten Life in some of Britain's most deprived estates Back to top Rugby Union Live Scores Results Fixtures Tables All Teams English Scottish Welsh Irish Rugby Union Home News Feeds Help & FAQs Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
