Boxing - BBC Sport Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBCSPORT All Sport All Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby U Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling BBC Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Union Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling A-Z Sports American Football Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Darts Disability Sport Football Formula 1 Gaelic Games Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Motorsport Olympic Sports Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Swimming Tennis Winter Sports Full Sports A-Z Events Euro 2016 Rio 2016 Around the UK England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland World Sport European Football Champions League African Football Boxing Results & Schedule Calendar Champions List Results & Schedule Calendar Champions List Boxing Home Boxing Top Stories Chaotic scenes at Mayweather-McGregor event Conor McGregor says he will remain "calm and cold" when he faces Floyd Mayweather on Saturday amid chaotic scenes at the first media event of fight week. 23 Aug Read more on Chaotic scenes at Mayweather-McGregor event Mayweather v McGregor: '7,000 tickets remain unsold' Just days before the Mayweather v McGregor super-fight, the BBC’s boxing correspondent Mike Costello and commentator Steve Bunce reveal there are still 7,000 unsold tickets. 22 Aug Read more on Mayweather v McGregor: '7,000 tickets remain unsold' Breaking down Mayweather v McGregor fight styles MMA coach Joe 'Silk' Cummins and boxing coach Richie Woodhall stake their claims for their respective styles in the upcoming fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather Jr. 22 Aug Read more on Breaking down Mayweather v McGregor fight styles If Mayweather wins in style, it could turn UFC fans back to boxing - Khan Former light-welterweight champion Amir Khan says that if Floyd Mayweather wins in good style "it could turn a lot of the UFC fans back on to boxing." 22 Aug Read more on If Mayweather wins in style, it could turn UFC fans back to boxing - Khan Frampton confirms split from McGuigan 21 Aug Read more on Frampton confirms split from McGuigan Mayweather v McGregor live on BBC Radio 5 live 21 Aug Read more on Mayweather v McGregor live on BBC Radio 5 live Mayweather-McGregor trash talk has been memorable 21 Aug Read more on Mayweather-McGregor trash talk has been memorable Joshua open to fight with MMA opponent 21 Aug Read more on Joshua open to fight with MMA opponent Mayweather-McGregor fight is a farce - Lewis 20 Aug Read more on Mayweather-McGregor fight is a farce - Lewis Crawford is first undisputed world champion in 12 years 20 Aug Read more on Crawford is first undisputed world champion in 12 years Joshua disappointed Klitschko retired 18 Aug Read more on Joshua disappointed Klitschko retired Pacquiao and Horn 'on board' for rematch 18 Aug Read more on Pacquiao and Horn 'on board' for rematch McGregor 'extremely dirty' when fighting - Mayweather 18 Aug Read more on McGregor 'extremely dirty' when fighting - Mayweather 'He's always been a Mayweather fan' 17 Aug Read more on 'He's always been a Mayweather fan' 5 live boxing special - The Making of McGregor 17 Aug Read more on 5 live boxing special - The Making of McGregor Show more Boxing with Costello and Bunce: Day 1 - touchdown in Vegas Having touched down in Las Vegas, Mike and Steve break down the fight week schedule and share their early thoughts on what could be the big storylines and talking points Read more on Boxing with Costello and Bunce: Day 1 - touchdown in Vegas Audio & Video Frampton-McGuigan partnership 'close to ending' Carl Frampton's partnership with manager Barry McGuigan may be close to ending, BBC Sport NI understands. Read more on Frampton-McGuigan partnership 'close to ending' Podcast: More than a boxing club Read more on Podcast: More than a boxing club Comeback would be too dangerous - Froch Read more on Comeback would be too dangerous - Froch Frampton 'gutted' after Gutierrez fight cancelled Read more on Frampton 'gutted' after Gutierrez fight cancelled 'I'll never be given credit for my ability' - Bellew meets Colin Murray Read more on 'I'll never be given credit for my ability' - Bellew meets Colin Murray 5 live Boxing podcast: Mayweather v McGregor 'stage managed from the start' Read more on 5 live Boxing podcast: Mayweather v McGregor 'stage managed from the start' Mayweather-McGregor news conferences ‘pantomime' Read more on Mayweather-McGregor news conferences ‘pantomime' Mayweather and McGregor trash talk begins Read more on Mayweather and McGregor trash talk begins 'Only the referee should stop a fight, not a boxer' Read more on 'Only the referee should stop a fight, not a boxer' Show more Boxing programmes 5 live boxing: A look ahead to Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor Thu 24 Aug, 21:00 BST, BBC Radio 5 live Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor Sun 27 Aug, Broadcast time TBC (fight time 04:00 BST), BBC Radio 5 live Mayweather v McGregor replay Sun 27 Aug, 06:00 BST, BBC Radio 5 live sports extra Show more Features Filipino boxer aiming for UFC glory The story of a Filipino fighter's quest to become a mixed martial arts champion. From the section BBC News Read more on Filipino boxer aiming for UFC glory Fight Game: Face Carl Frampton in VR Insight, in-jokes and some spectacular sparring with Carl Frampton, Barry McGuigan and Shane McGuigan in virtual reality. Read more on Fight Game: Face Carl Frampton in VR Can McGregor's spirit overcome sporting common sense? Conor McGregor's career began at Crumlin ABC but BBC Radio 5 live asks if a puncher's chance is enough to shock the world? From the section Boxing Read more on Can McGregor's spirit overcome sporting common sense? Farce? Circus? The great unknown? All you need to know about the 'biggest fight ever' The best boxer in a generation v one of the stars of the UFC - how did the fight come about? And is it just a money-making circus? From the section Boxing Read more on Farce? Circus? The great unknown? All you need to know about the 'biggest fight ever' From homeless to world champion - in three years New world bantamweight champion Ryan Burnett has endured adversity including a failed brain scan and being homeless for six weeks. From the section Boxing Read more on From homeless to world champion - in three years 'These are special times - a golden era for British boxing' British boxing no longer needs to hark back to the era of Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank, writes Mike Costello. From the section Boxing Read more on 'These are special times - a golden era for British boxing' The new Mayweather? Davis' rise from streets to glory How one of the world's youngest world champions made it from bleak beginnings to being a poster boy at Mayweather Promotions. From the section Boxing Read more on The new Mayweather? Davis' rise from streets to glory 'Everyday kid Joshua jumps barriers into mainstream' Whatever the future may bring, Anthony Joshua's victory over Wladimir Klitschko means he will never be forgotten. From the section Boxing Read more on 'Everyday kid Joshua jumps barriers into mainstream' Featured Mike Costello Analysis and opinion from the BBC's boxing correspondent. Boxing schedule and results 2017 Your guide to all the biggest fights in 2017, plus results. Who are boxing's current champions? All the holders of world, British, European and Commonwealth titles. How to get into boxing How to get into boxing - intense cardiovascular exercise from sparring in one of the Olympics' oldest sports. External Links British Boxing Board of Control Boxing England Boxing Scotland Boxing Wales Boxing Ireland UK Sport More from BBC Sport Celtic reach Champions League with 8-4 aggregate win Football Read more on Celtic reach Champions League with 8-4 aggregate win Raikkonen agrees new deal with Ferrari Formula 1 Read more on Raikkonen agrees new deal with Ferrari Afridi ton takes Hants to Finals Day Cricket Read more on Afridi ton takes Hants to Finals Day England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final Rugby Union Read more on England win tense battle with France to reach World Cup final Castleford Tigers sign centre Wardle Rugby League Read more on Castleford Tigers sign centre Wardle Edmund through in US but Bedene out Tennis Read more on Edmund through in US but Bedene out Matthew eyes non-playing captaincy in 2019 Golf Read more on Matthew eyes non-playing captaincy in 2019 Cas upholds life bans of three officials Athletics Read more on Cas upholds life bans of three officials Back to top Boxing Results & Schedule Calendar Champions List Boxing Home News Feeds Help & FAQs Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
