BBC - Capital - Home Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC Capital Menu Home  Owning Your Time  Affording Your Life  GO INSIDE:  Expat Guides View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Syd Weighs In How to drive younger workers away Bending the truth with the company mission is risky business Managing Leadership View image of (Credit: Katie Beck) Entrepreneur The candy boss teaching Google business Tech companies are looking to a confectioner for the recipe for success Entrepreneur Business Leadership View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Careers Could a personality test get you a job? Companies are increasingly using character profiling in the hiring process Careers Technology Job Search View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Owning Your Time Are you guilty of 'cyberloafing'? Bosses need to get creative if they want workers to stop idly browsing the web Workplace Technology Follow BBC Capital Facebook Twitter Editor's Picks The science of being charming 1 Why open offices are bad for us 2 The avocado toast index 3 Why are some people always late? 4 The man who flies to work every day 5 View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Expats How expats avoid reverse culture shock Struggling to settle in after a stint abroad? You’re not alone Expats Careers View image of (Credit: Alamy) Workplace The five types of demanding boss ...and how to handle each one Workplace Communication View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Workplace Why do workplace dress codes persist? Business attire doesn’t make us productive. So why don’t we get rid of it? Workplace View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Owning Your Time Are childless workers treated unfairly? Some feel they're left picking up the slack Workplace Best of Capital View image of Businesspeople Communicating Your World English speakers are bad communicators Native English speakers are the hardest to understand. This is why Workplace Modern language Leadership View image of (Credit: iStock) Expats The expats with no place they call home Can you ever fit in again once you've lived abroad? The answer is complicated Expats Careers View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Workplace Dress code? How about naked once a week ‘My reaction was to put my hands on my crotch’ Where mingling includes nudity Workplace Networking Careers Expats Home  Owning Your Time  Affording Your Life  GO INSIDE:  Expat Guides Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
