China relaunches world's fastest train - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech selected Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Technology Technology China relaunches world's fastest train 22 August 2017 From the section Technology comments Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-41011662 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A high-speed train crash led to an investigation which found widespread corruption in the railway ministry China's fleet of high-speed trains is set once again to become the world's fastest. The top speed of the Fuxing or "rejuvenation" bullet trains was capped at 300km/h (186mph) in 2011 following two crashes that killed 40 people. From next week, some of the trains will once again be allowed to run at a higher speed of about 350 km/h. The higher maximum speed should cut about an hour off the journey time between Beijing and Shanghai. By 21 September, seven of China's bullet trains will be permitted to travel at the increased maximum speed. To mark the return of the higher-speed service, the trains have been named "Fuxing" - Chinese for rejuvenation - in line with a national government slogan and development plan. All the trains have been fitted with an improved monitoring system that will slow and stop the trains automatically in the event of an emergency. The nation's rail operator is believed to be looking into ways to upgrade track to let the engines run even faster - perhaps at speeds approaching 400km/h. China is believed to have about 19,960km (12,400 miles) of high-speed rail tracks. The 2011 crashes of the high-speed trains led to a state investigation into the railways ministry which uncovered widespread corruption. The probe meant many officials were charged with corruption and abuse of power. Two senior officials were given suspended death sentences. View comments Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story India train crash in Uttar Pradesh leaves 23 dead 19 August 2017 China rail official given death sentence for corruption 17 October 2014 Video Hyperloop One: Passenger pod tested successfully 3 August 2017 George Osborne urges 'HS3' rail for northern England 22 August 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Sections Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech selected Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
