BBC - Channel Finder Cookies on the BBC website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Continue Find out more BBC World News 24 Hour Global News on TV Get a global view of the world with 24-hour news from the BBC, available on TV across the US. With journalists in more countries than any other international broadcaster, we bring you the news no matter where you are or when a story may break. Find BBC World News on your TV Find BBC World News on your TV Latest Video Clips Saakashvili: Oligarchs are in charge 'Oligarchs are in charge' warns former Georgia president Al Jazeera: No government interference Al Jazeera chief: No interference from Qatari government ANC values still 'crucial' for South Africa Gordhan: ANC values still 'crucial' for South Africa Venezuelans 'fighting' for their future Medina: Venezuelan resistance should stay on streets Polish FM: EU legal action a ‘smokescreen’ EU legal action a ‘smokescreen’ says Polish FM 'IS will be with us for a long time' Ayad Allawi: IS will be with us for a long time Thai Boxing pulls in the tourist crowds Thai Boxing pulls in the tourist crowds in Bangkok Noyer: Brexit implications for City of London Christian Noyer: Brexit implications for City of London Gorka: I trust Trump on Russia probe Sebastian Gorka: I trust Trump on Russia probe 'I paddle boarded down the Ganges river' 'I paddle boarded down the length of the Ganges river' Navigation Next Navigation Next Bringing you the unmissable Discover BBC Unmissable Incredible stories are at the heart of everything we do. Our programme makers reveal just what it takes to bring you the unmissable. Watch Featured Programs World News America In-depth reports on the major international and U.S. news of the day with Katty Kay. The Travel Show Bringing you the biggest stories and most exciting destinations from around the world. HARDtalk In-depth, hard-hitting interviews with newsworthy personalities. Click Your user-friendly guide to the latest technology news, issues, gadgets and apps. Our World Current affairs documentary reporting on issues around the world. Global Jon Sopel explains the day's global news and what it means to you. Our Presenters Katty Kay Our Washington correspondent reporting on US news and politics for BBC World News America. Jon Sopel BBC's North America Editor, reporting on the US for BBC News in the UK and globally. Stephen Sackur Presents HARDtalk, BBC World News' flagship current affairs interview program. Lyse Doucet Award winning Chief International Correspondent and Senior Presenter for BBC World News. Babita Sharma Co-presenter on Newsday, the program focusing on international events and financial markets. Yalda Hakim Joined BBC World News in December 2012 as a presenter and correspondent. Watch BBC World News | See What's Showing Now 17:00 PMPST 20:00 PMEST Newsday View full program schedule Bringing you the unmissable Discover BBC Unmissable Incredible stories are at the heart of everything we do. Our programme makers reveal just what it takes to bring you the unmissable. Other BBC News services Visit BBC News Online Listen to World Service Radio Follow us on social platforms Download the App About the BBC Accessibility Help Contact the BBC Parental Guidance Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Mobile Site Advertise With Us Ad Choices BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.
