BBC iPlayer Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC iPlayer navigation Open channels list Channels BBC Channels Menu Open categories list Categories Categories Arts CBBC CBeebies Comedy Documentaries Drama & Soaps Entertainment Films Food History Lifestyle Music News Science & Nature Sport Accessible alternative formats Audio Described Signed Regions Northern Ireland Scotland Wales A-Z TV Guide TV Guide My Programmes Open my programmes list My Programmes Watching Added Purchases BBC iPlayer Homepage Find a programme on BBC iPlayer Find Highlights iPlayer picks Drama Trust Me 1/4 Deceit brings her a new life - but at what cost? New Series A nurse steals her friend's identity as an A&E doctor to ecape her past - but can she? 56 Mins | BBC One Available for 15 days Comedy People Just Do Nothing 2/6 Rivalries. Beats deals with the Kold FM beef With snitching definitely not an option, how will the boys take down their rivals? 29 Mins | BBC Three Available for 5 months Comedy Angry Boys Full series. Edgy, cringe-worthy spoof from Chris Lilley Full Series Nathan and Daniel, S.mouse and Gran come under the camera’s unforgiving gaze 30 Mins | BBC Three Available for 23 days Today's picks Comedy Quacks 2/6 The Lady's Abscess. Dinner with Dickens Full Series An excruciating evening ensues when William escorts Caroline to meet her literary hero. 30 Mins | BBC Two Available for 1 month Crime Drama Top of the Lake: China Girl The full, compelling series Full Series Robin is haunted by her past, and a complex case. With Elisabeth Moss and Nicole Kidman. 55 Mins | BBC Two Available for 1 month Today's Most Popular 40 programmes 1 Drama EastEnders 21/08/2017 2 Drama EastEnders 22/08/2017 3 Comedy People Just Do Nothing Series 4: 2. Rivalry 4 Documentary Britain's Forgotten Men Series 1: Part 1 5 CBBC The Next Step Series 5: 1. A New Regime View all 40 programmes Today's Most Popular 40 programmes View all Drama EastEnders 21/08/2017 Jay's world crumbles around him as Phil reveals a shocking revelation about the past. 30 Mins | BBC One Available for 28 days Drama EastEnders 22/08/2017 Linda continues to undermine Fi. Jack is made to think about his recent behaviour. 30 Mins | BBC One Available for 29 days Comedy People Just Do Nothing Series 4: 2. Rivalry Beats and the boys attempt to take down rival station Kold FM. 29 Mins | BBC Three Available for 5 months Food The Big Family Cooking Showdown 2/12 The Karims v The Dawes Will the Karims’ simple Indian recipes defeat the Dawes’ ambitious flavour combinations? 59 Mins | BBC Two Available for 29 days Documentary Britain's Forgotten Men Full series. Low education, high crime - and solidarity Full Series Filmmaker Dan Murdoch spends a year in some of Britain's most deprived estates. 12 Mins | BBC Three Available for 11 months Film Storyville Silk Road: Drugs, Death and the Dark Web A thrilling crime story for the digital age, bristling with intrigue, mayhem and murder. 90 Mins | BBC Four Available for 28 days Drama Damilola, Our Loved Boy Hard-hitting drama showing the cruel reality of knife crime Based on the true story of 10-year-old Damilola Taylor, killed on the streets of London. 87 Mins | BBC One Available for 28 days Full Series View all Comedy Fleabag Series 1 A hilarious, poignant window into the mind of a dry-witted, angry, grief-riddled woman. Series 1 | BBC Three Available for 6 days Drama five by five Series 1 Five writers. Five characters. One story. Series 1 | BBC Three Available for 6 months More to watch History India's Partition: The Forgotten Story From Southall to Delhi Gurinder Chadha travels to India to discover why the 1947 Partition of India happened. 60 Mins | BBC Two Available for 29 days Comedy Romesh: Talking To Comedians In Caffs About Growing Up Katherine Ryan, Nish Kumar and Sara Pascoe, plus more, chat growing up and life lessons. 26 Mins | BBC Three Available for 11 months Collection Documentaries 13 programmes Wonders of the Universe 1. Destiny Britain's Forgotten Men Series 1: Part 1 Saving Lives at Sea Series 2: Episode 1 Storyville Out of Thin Air: Murder in Iceland Nadiya's British Food Adventure Series 1: 6. Scotland View all 13 programmes Collection Documentaries 13 programmes View all Wonders of the Universe 1. Destiny Brian Cox seeks to understand the nature of time and its role in creating the universe. 60 Mins | BBC Two Available for 25 days Britain's Forgotten Men Series 1: Part 1 Full Series Documentary exploring what life's like on some of Britain's most deprived estates. 12 Mins | BBC Three Available for 11 months Saving Lives at Sea Series 2: Episode 1 New Series In Ireland, three fishermen swim for their lives as their trawler is smashed on to rocks. 59 Mins | BBC Two Available for 23 days Cannabis: Time For a Change? Should it be decriminalised? As many countries examine decriminalising cannabis, Newsbeat asks if the UK should too. 32 Mins | BBC Radio 1 Available for 11 months Film The Hunter A shadowy organisation, a mystery - but no answers? Willem Defoe is a tracker-assassin on a tense and potentially deadly mission. 94 Mins | BBC Two Available until Mon 12:35am Nature Planet Earth 1/11 From Pole to Pole. The original, landmark series David Attenborough follows the sun's seasonal journey to see how it affects all wildlife. 59 Mins | BBC One Available for 28 days Entertainment Dragons' Den Episode 1. With new dragons Tej Lalvani and Jenny Campbell New Series Can a couple with a health food business hold it together as they face the Dragons? 60 Mins | BBC Two Available for 27 days Full Series Poldark: Series 3 9 episodes Series 3: Episode 1 Destinies are forever changed by new arrivals. Series 3: Episode 2 An old friend returns, and the French Revolution urges Ross into action.... Series 3: Episode 3 Ross attempts to learn of Dwight's fate in Revolutionary France.... Series 3: Episode 4 George proves merciless as the new magistrate, and Clowance is christened.... Series 3: Episode 5 While George makes political manoeuvres at home, Ross sets out to rescue Dwight.... View all 9 episodes Poldark: Series 3 9 episodes View all Series 3: Episode 1 Full Series Destinies are forever changed by new arrivals. 60 Mins | BBC One Available for 13 days Series 3: Episode 2 Full Series An old friend returns, and the French Revolution urges Ross into action. 60 Mins | BBC One Available for 13 days Series 3: Episode 3 Full Series Ross attempts to learn of Dwight's fate in Revolutionary France. 60 Mins | BBC One Available for 13 days Food Nadiya's British Food Adventure 5/8 In the wild in Scotland After foraging for Scottish 'spices' Nadiya creates a wild curry and a haggis tart tatin. 29 Mins | BBC Two Available for 28 days Crime Drama Red Rock Series 2: Episode 27 A revelation reopens old wounds - the Hennessy and Kiely feud is rekindled. 43 Mins | BBC One Available for 29 days CBBC The Next Step Series 5: 1. A New Regime New Series The Next Step holds auditions, welcoming prospective new dancers to the studio. 24 Mins | CBBC Available for 29 days Documentary Professor Green: Living in Poverty Life on the breadline What life's really like for the one in four kids living in poverty here in Britain. 53 Mins | BBC Three Available for 5 months Comedy Ill Behaviour Full series. They're saving him. Whether he likes it or not. Full Series Comedy thriller from Peep Show writer Sam Bain that takes friendship to the extreme. 57 Mins | BBC Two Available for 1 month Period Drama Against the Law The true story of a dark chapter in Britain's recent past Last Chance A trial with far-reaching repercussions. Starring Daniel Mays and Mark Gatiss. 85 Mins | BBC Two Available until Fri 10:30pm Can't decide? Watch a trailer... Drama Top of the Lake A body in a suitcase washes up 1 Min Documentary Britain's Forgotten Men White working class men fighting not to be forgotten 1 Min Documentary Astronauts: Do You Have What It Takes? Many dream of going to space, 1 candidate has what it takes... 1 Min Comedy People Just Do Nothing Broadcasting Kurupt FM. The mockumentary returns 1 Min iPlayer Radio The place to enjoy all things radio Newsletter Sign in to receive weekly highlights & recommendations Notice something different? We sometimes try out different things in iPlayer. Find out more Sign in to the BBC, or Register Change location: Close England Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Cambridge Channel Islands East East Midlands East Yorks & Lincs London North East & Cumbria North West Oxfordshire South South East South West West West Midlands Yorkshire Change language: English Close English Cymraeg Gaeilge Gàidhlig Parental Controls Help & FAQ Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBCCopyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
