Attack on Barron Trump's clothes by website sparks outrage - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada selected UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say US & Canada selected US & Canada US & Canada Attack on Barron Trump's clothes by website sparks outrage 22 August 2017 From the section US & Canada Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-41007191 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright EPA Image caption The Trump family was returning from holiday in New Jersey An attack by a conservative website on the US president's youngest son has triggered a social media backlash. Barron Trump, 11, was accused by an entertainment reporter for the Daily Caller of not "dressing like he's in the White House". The article features photos of the boy in his loafers, khaki shorts and T-shirt after a flight to Washington. Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton has again defended the boy. Ms Clinton had previously defended Barron from criticism and cruel jokes, including one tweet that caused a writer for Saturday Night Live to be fired. "It's high time the media & everyone leave Barron Trump alone & let him have the private childhood he deserves", the daughter of Hillary and former president Bill Clinton posted on Twitter. Barron Trump to attend Maryland school after White House move Defence of president's son goes viral Late night comedian Chelsea Handler, a frequent critic of the American president, tweeted "poor Barron". Other Twitter users were equally appalled and leaped to the boy's defence. Image copyright Getty Images Writer Ford Springer had written: "Barron was returning to the White House from New Jersey on Sunday and while the president and first lady travelled in their Sunday best, young Barron looked like he was hopping on Air Force One for a trip to the movie theatre." Mr Springer added that "the youngest Trump doesn't have any responsibilities as the president's son, but the least he could do is dress the part when he steps out in public". Earlier this year, Ms Clinton wrote a post that was shared widely saying "Barron Trump deserves the chance every child does - to be a kid." Skip Twitter post by @ChelseaClinton Barron Trump deserves the chance every child does-to be a kid. Standing up for every kid also means opposing @POTUS policies that hurt kids.— Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) January 22, 2017 Report End of Twitter post by @ChelseaClinton Skip Twitter post by @kurteichenwald Jesus, they're even inhuman 2 their own. @Ford_Springer of conserv @dailycaller slams Barron Trump 4 his clothes. FORD! Kids are OFF LIMITS!— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) August 22, 2017 Report End of Twitter post by @kurteichenwald Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Barron Trump: Defence of president's son goes viral 23 January 2017 Trump spars with Chelsea Clinton over Ivanka's G20 seat 10 July 2017 Chelsea Clinton: Steve Bannon 'fat shamed' Spicer in text 20 June 2017 Barron Trump to attend Maryland school after White House move 15 May 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation US & Canada Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada selected US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
