What do the critics make of Channel 4's The Great British Bake Off? - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Entertainment & Arts Entertainment & Arts What do the critics make of Channel 4's The Great British Bake Off? 22 August 2017 From the section Entertainment & Arts Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-41010509 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Channel 4 Viewers still have a week to wait before The Great British Bake Off returns to our screens, on a different channel with a 75% new line-up of judges and presenters. But the critics have had a chance to see Channel 4's eagerly anticipated cake-over and have already given their verdicts. We thought of serving up their reviews in full but decided instead to give you a slice of each - just to give you a taste. We'll let them make the puns from now on, so knead on at your own whisk (sorry). 33 things to know about the new Bake Off Image copyright Channel 4 According to The Guardian's Mark Lawson, both Channel 4 and programme maker Love Productions are "having their cake and eating it". "The eighth series of the extreme patisserie challenge manages to seem exactly the same but also just different enough," he writes. Mel and Sue's replacements, comedian Noel Fielding and broadcaster Sandi Toksvig, "set their own distinctive flavour in the kitchen," Lawson goes on. "To me the first episode for Channel 4 is as strong - in terms of both bakers and the cakes they attempt - as any previously made." Image copyright Channel 4 Writing in the Daily Mail, reviewer Sarah Rainey says that the show "hasn't changed a bit" in its move from the BBC to Channel 4. "Sure, the people - with the exception of steely-eyed Paul Hollywood - are different," she writes. "But if you squint a little, they could be the same old familiar faces, making the same innuendo-laden jokes." While expressing admiration for Fielding's "ridiculous bird-print shirt", though, Rainey suggests his "dippy comedy act" may "quickly start to grate". Image copyright Channel 4 According to The Telegraph's Michael Hogan, the first instalment of the Channel 4 series gives viewers "the same flavoursome confection" - with "extra spice". "There was tension, there were tears and one nervous hopeful forgot to turn her oven on," he goes on. "Mary, Mel and Sue might be gone, but the show's recipe remains as winning as ever." Image copyright Channel 4 "The moment that Mary, Mel and Sue requested their P45s, we knew that Bake Off would never be what it was," writes Frances Taylor of the Radio Times. According to her online review, however, Channel 4 "have done the best they can with the ingredients they were given". "We'll always mourn the BBC era of the baking behemoth, but this is what we've got now," Taylor concludes. "It's a bit rough around the edges, a little burnt on the outside. But it's still our Bake Off." The Great British Bake Off begins on Channel 4 at 20:00 BST on 29 August. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story The Great British Bake Off: 33 things to know about the Channel 4 series 22 August 2017 Bake Off fans give mixed response to official team photo 14 April 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals Trump rhetoric runs into Afghan reality Are Turkey’s schools dropping evolution and teaching jihad? News navigation Sections Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts selected Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
