Bye Bye Bannon, Washington's second most powerful man - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World selected Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability US & Canada selected US & Canada US & Canada Bye Bye Bannon, Washington's second most powerful man Nick Bryant New York correspondent 18 August 2017 From the section US & Canada Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-40982990 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Reuters Image caption Chief strategist Steve Bannon has become the latest casualty of the Trump White House Is Steve Bannon the second most powerful man in the world? The question was posed by Time magazine back in February, when it placed the then White House chief strategist on its coveted cover. Bannon was said to be Donald Trump's alter ago, a Svengali-like figure whose fingerprints were everywhere: from the fiercely nationalistic "American carnage" inaugural address to the decision to leave the Paris Climate Change Agreement, from the botched travel ban to the White House onslaught against the "fake media" - who Bannon memorably labelled "the opposition party." His crumpled appearance was a form of power dressing. He was said to be the only West Wing adviser allowed into the Oval Office without a suit and tie. He was also the fiercest proponent of the "Let Trump be Trump" doctrine, an unbending approach which the chief campaign strategist believed had won the billionaire the White House. The Great Manipulator The cover of Time magazine showed Bannon at the height of his powers, but it may also have set in motion his eventual downfall. The magazine labelled him "The Great Manipulator", a description that reportedly "annoyed" Donald Trump - a president not used to sharing the limelight and unaccustomed to being cast as a puppet. In the court of Donald Trump, there would be no powers behind the throne. Skip Twitter post by @thehill Time Magazine cover calls Bannon "The Great Manipulator" https://t.co/0DKOT6Wp3Y pic.twitter.com/VB9vjfycNZ— The Hill (@thehill) February 2, 2017 Report End of Twitter post by @thehill In the warring West Wing, which often makes Game of Thrones look like a Sunday school outing, Bannon became the most aggressive combatant. At least until the arrival of the short-lived Anthony Scaramucci, whose personal feud with Bannon produced the most memorable (and unprintable) insult ever uttered on the record by a White House aide. White House at War On his enemies list were Trump advisers he derided as "globalists" - the president's daughter Ivanka Trump, her husband Jared Kushner, the National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster, the deputy national security adviser Dina Powell and the national economics adviser Gary Cohn. In early April, the New York Times reported that relations between Bannon and Kushner had reached the "point of breakdown", without any hope of reconciliation. The photo that highlights White House turmoil The White House revolving door: Who's gone? "Here's the reason there's no middle ground," Mr Bannon reportedly told the president's influential son-in-law. "You're a Democrat." To Bannon, the globalists obstructed his beloved America First agenda. They were dangerously moderate, metropolitan liberals who did not truly want Trump to be Trump. Image copyright Reuters Image caption Bannon was reportedly at odds with the more moderate members of Trump's inner circle like Jared Kushner (right) During this power struggle, Bannon had formed an improbable relationship of convenience with Reince Preibus, a member of the Republican establishment and the first White House chief of staff. However, when Preibus was replaced as chief of staff by the former marine general John Kelly it looked as if Bannon would soon be shown the door. One wonders now how long Bannon allies like the presidential adviser Sebastian Gorka will now survive. Bannonism lives on in the White House Bannon will return to Breitbart News, a right-wing favoured source of news and views for many of Donald Trump's most loyal, red-capped supporters. Journalists close to Bannon believe he will not necessarily turn his Breitbart firepower on Donald Trump, but rather the "globalists". Jonathan Swan of Axios reports the website will go "thermonuclear" against "globalists". Bannon has also apparently told associates he will turn the website into "a killing machine". As Maggie Haberman, the New York Times' impeccably-sourced White House reporter notes: "Bannon is much more of a problem for the White House staff from the outside than inside it." Image copyright Reuters Image caption Bannon is a powerhouse of the American right-wing news media through Brietbart Many of Trump's most diehard supporters will doubtless see his departure as a betrayal, a breach of faith. The administration's most powerful nationalist no longer occupies a West Wing office. A Bannon-less White House will produce a Trump-lite White House. Who is left behind to urge Trump to be Trump? Joel B. Pollak, a senior editor at Breitbart, reacted to the news of Bannon's exit with a one-word tweet: "#WAR." Then he penned a rapid response column, warning: "It may turn out to be the beginning of the end for the Trump administration." Skip Twitter post by @joelpollak #WAR— Joel B. Pollak (@joelpollak) August 18, 2017 Report End of Twitter post by @joelpollak Bannon himself evidently takes a different view. Following his resignation, he told his biographer Joshua Green: "If there's any confusion out there, let me clear it up: I'm leaving the White House and going to war for Trump against his opponents - on Capitol Hill, in the media and in corporate America." Trump doubtless believes that he can still rely on the loyalty of the Bannon right. His tweets often seem aimed squarely at those people. But Bannon helped amplify his nativist messaging. He was the president's most influential hard right guarantor, a key emissary to his most admiring and energised constituency. Paradoxes abound about the timing of his exit. It came in the week that Trump seemed to be at his most Trump-like, with his highly controversial "both sides to blame" reaction to the deadly violence in Charlottesville and his forays into the historical culture wars over Confederate statues Bannon leaves at the end of the most overtly nationalist few days of the Trump presidency. Another irony is that it was Bannon who labelled the white supremacists "a collection of clowns" - precisely the sort of language that many mainstream Republicans hoped the president himself would use. Steve Bannon will no longer be cast as the second most powerful man in the world, or America, or Washington. But he arguably remains the most influential figure on the insurgent right, a constituency that Donald Trump is reliant upon for a second term in the White House. Related Topics Donald Trump Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Steve Bannon fired as Trump White House's top strategist 19 August 2017 Trump adviser Steve Bannon dubs white nationalists 'clowns' 17 August 2017 Bannonism lives on in the White House 18 August 2017 The photo that highlights White House turmoil 18 August 2017 The White House revolving door: Who's gone? 18 August 2017 More US & Canada stories Top Stories Harry 'very glad' to join Diana funeral The prince previously said walking behind her coffin was something no child "should be asked to do". 23 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan 22 August 2017 News navigation US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World selected World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada selected Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
