Barcelona attack: Suspects 'planned to hit key monuments' - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World selected US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say World selected Africa Asia Australia Europe selected Latin America Middle East Europe Europe Barcelona attack: Suspects 'planned to hit key monuments' 22 August 2017 From the section Europe Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-41010469 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionThe four suspects were transferred to a Madrid jail on Monday night The cell behind the Barcelona van attack had planned to use explosives against monuments including the city's famous Sagrada Familia church, a suspect has told a Madrid court. Mohamed Houli Chemlal is one of four surviving suspects who gave evidence. He and Driss Oukabir have both been charged with membership of a terrorist organisation and murder. Salah al-Karib has been detained pending further investigations, while Mohammed Aallaa was released on bail. According to Houli Chemlal, the group's plans - which he had known of "for at least two months - were scaled back when a house packed with bomb-making equipment blew up the day before. He was injured in the accidental blast that reduced the house to rubble in the town of Alcanar. The Alcanar explosion came the day before Thursday's Barcelona attack in which a van was driven at speed down the main Las Ramblas boulevard, killing 13 and injuring more than 100. Judicial sources quoted Houli Chemlal as telling the court a much bigger series of attacks had been planned. Assailants killed a total of 15 people in the van attack, the stabbing of a driver whose car was commandeered shortly afterwards, and a car attack in the resort of Cambrils hours later. Eight members of the cell are dead - two were killed in the Alcanar explosion, and six were later shot by police, including five after the Cambrils attack. Image copyright EPA Image caption The four suspects in court were (L-R) Mohammed Aallaa, Mohamed Houli Chemlal, Sahal al-Karib and Driss Oukabir The last suspect to be killed was Moroccan-born Younes Abouyaaqoub, 22, believed to be the driver of the Las Ramblas van. Wearing a fake explosives belt and armed with knives, he was shot dead by police in a vineyard west of Barcelona on Monday. The surviving suspects were moved, under high security, from Barcelona to Madrid for Tuesday's hearing. The court session, a preliminary hearing to gather evidence for a future trial, took place behind closed doors. Who are the suspects? Barcelona and Cambrils attacks: What we know so far Hugs and defiance on Las Ramblas Houli Chemlal was the first to testify, wearing hospital pyjamas. He is still being treated for his injuries from the blast in Alcanar. Oukabir, whose brother Moussa was among suspects killed after the Cambrils attack, has also given evidence to the Madrid court. According to judicial sources, he has changed his story to say that he admits renting the van used in the Las Ramblas attack but thought it was to be used for a house-move. Under earlier police interrogation, he is said to have maintained that his brother Moussa hired the van using documents stolen from him. Both have been held in jail. Image copyright AFP Image caption Gaudi's famous church was allegedly viewed as a target by the suspects Two other suspects were killed in the Alcanar explosion, including Abdelbaki Es Satty, the Moroccan imam from the town of Ripoll thought to have been a radicalising influence on the suspects. The two other suspects appearing in court were: Aallaa, 27, alleged owner of the Audi car used in the Cambrils attack. He has been released on bail, but must attend court every Monday. Salah al-Karib, 34, accused of running an internet cafe in Ripoll used to send money to Morocco. He has been held for a further 72 hours. All four suspects giving evidence are reported to have testified that Es Satty was the ringleader of the group. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionSpanish police release footage of raids on three homes in the town of Ripoll Image copyright EPA Image caption One victim of the attacks last week, Ana Maria Suárez, was buried in Zaragoza as the suspects went to court Image copyright EPA Image caption Meanwhile, in the Italian capital relatives mourned as the bodies of Luca Russo and Bruno Gulotta were flown home As Tuesday's Madrid hearing took place, Ana Suárez, a Spanish woman in her 60s killed in Cambrils, was buried in a private ceremony in Zaragoza. Forty-five companies in a Catalonia association of undertakers and funeral companies have offered to perform funerals for the victims without charge. Most of the 12 suspects lived in Ripoll, north of Barcelona close to the French border. All were young men of North African descent. Police have been conducting new raids - at an internet café in Ripoll and at an apartment in Vilafranca, south-west of Barcelona. Related Topics Spain Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Spain attacks: How Barcelona rejected hate 18 August 2017 Barcelona and Cambrils attacks: What we know so far 22 August 2017 Image gallery Aftermath in pictures 18 August 2017 Who are the victims? 21 August 2017 'It was very frightening' 18 August 2017 Spain's anti-terror experience 18 August 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation World Sections Africa Asia Australia Europe selected Latin America Middle East Home Video World selected World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe selected Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
