Thomas Cook resumes Tunisia holidays after beach attack - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK selected Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say UK selected England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics UK UK Thomas Cook resumes Tunisia holidays after beach attack 22 August 2017 From the section UK Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-41017664 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright PA Travel company Thomas Cook has resumed selling holidays in Tunisia to Britons for the first time since the attack at a resort in Sousse in 2015. Trips will resume in February 2018, after the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) eased its travel advice. The FCO previously advised avoiding all but essential visits following the June 2015 beach attack, which killed 38 people, including 30 British tourists. Thomas Cook said safety was its "first priority" in its sales to customers. Tunisia attack: What happened Sousse tries to move on after beach attack Carol MacKenzie, Thomas Cook's head of customer welfare, said the firm followed government advice on where it offered flights and holidays, since "they are the experts in security". But she said holidaymakers had been asking when Tunisia resorts would be back on sale. "We also listen to our customers in where they want to go on holiday," she said. "Taking your loved ones anywhere is a serious decision and ultimately of course it's up to you where you choose to go on holiday," she added. Thomas Cook did not stop selling trips to French, German and Belgian holidaymakers after the Sousse attack as their governments did not recommend against visiting Tunisia. In an update on 26 July, the FCO said it had "carefully reviewed conditions" in the country, including the terror threat and improvements in the Tunisian security forces. But it waned that terrorists were "still very likely to try to carry out attacks in Tunisia", telling people to avoid certain parts of the country. Tunisian officials said they expect the number of foreign tourists to increase to 6.5 million this year, up about 30% from 2016 - but down from the 6.9m peak in 2010. Some 440,000 people from the UK visited Tunisia in 2014, according to the Office for National Statistics. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Thomas Cook wins fake holiday sickness case 11 July 2017 Tunisia beach attack: British families to sue TUI 28 February 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation UK Sections England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK selected UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
