BBC Weather For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital Culture More… Search term: Weather Settings °C °F mph km/h Language English Gaeilge Gàidhlig Cymraeg Favourite Locations IN ASSOCIATION WITH Find a Forecast Search for a location Favourite Locations (—) You need javascript enabled to save favourites. World Summary Vancouver 24°C 75°F Mexico City 18°C 64°F Honolulu 28°C 82°F 27°C 81°F New York 15°C 59°F Buenos Aires Reykjavik 8°C 46°F London 17°C 63°F Cairo 23°C 73°F 11°C 52°F Cape Town 20°C 68°F Moscow 29°C 84°F Kuala Lumpur 32°C 90°F Tokyo 14°C 57°F Sydney Features & Analysis Weather for the Week Ahead There's a Bank Holiday weekend around the corner, but the jet stream is making the forecast decidedly tricky. More heavy rain for parts of South Asia Hato heads towards Hong Kong and is likely to bring more heavy rain to some areas already affected by flooding. Matt Taylor has the details. Ben Nevis snow free for first time in years There is no snow on Britain's highest mountain for the first time in 11 years. Forecast Video Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Last updated 23:02 BST, Tuesday 22 Aug In Pictures Related Links More UK Weather Coast & Sea Elsewhere Met Office World Meteorological Organization About BBC Weather BBC Weather Presenters Help & FAQs Feeds BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.
