BBC - Future - Home Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC Future Menu What is BBC Future?  Latest  Future Now  Video  OUR PICKS  Best of Future SPECIAL SERIES  Grand Challenges Apocalypse Week Ship Why are ship collisions still possible? The ocean may be huge, but it’s not surprising that disasters happen View image of Nuclear art installation in Bulgaria (Credit: AFP/Nikolay Doychinov) Apocalypse Week How prepared are we for nuclear war? Why it may be time for the revival of ‘civil defence’ Nuclear View image of Old rusty dials (Credit: iStock) Apocalypse Week The two ways civilisation can collapse Could they be happening now? Future Video View image of Ruined plane (Credit: iStock) Apocalypse Week How to survive the end of the world What to do when the apocalypse arrives Follow BBC Future Facebook Twitter Editor's Picks Why printers add secret tracking dots 1 What Einstein’s quirky habits teach us 2 The flavour that’s illegal 3 How Western civilisation could collapse 4 The invention of ‘heterosexuality’ 5 View image of Voyager in deep space (Credit: Science Photo Library) Space Station The world's greatest space mission Voyager 1 and 2's 40-year journey into the unknown Space View image of Nuclear test (Credit: ALAMY) Apocalypse Week The atomic bomb too big to use The secrets of a Soviet doomsday device Weapon View image of (Credit: iStock) Apocalypse Week Nasa’s bold plan to stop a supervolcano If an eruption is brewing, it may be the only way to save Earth Volcano Geology View image of (Credit: Getty Images) Apocalypse Week What are humanity's greatest threats? The ultimate guide to the end of the world View image of Post-apocalyptic city (Credit: Alamy) Apocalypse Week Why we love to play apocalypse It’s the worst possible outcome for the world – yet we can’t get enough Gaming View image of The Monument to the Great Fire of London (Credit: Alamy) Britain The secret lab hidden in a monument There's a giant telescope inside, too. Britain History View image of Eclipse Apocalypse Week Why do eclipses cause apocalypse fears? Humans have long thought celestial events signalled doomsday – but why? Sun View image of Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird (Credit: Alamy) Future The world's ultimate spyplane Lockheed's SR-71, faster than a speeding bullet Future Aircraft The Best Of Future View image of Go for a walk! Einstein recommends it (Credit: Getty Images) In Depth What Einstein’s quirky habits teach us Extra hours of sleep and no socks – could this be the secret to genius? Brain View image of Grid shape (Credit: Credit: Electronic Frontier Foundation/CC BY 3.0) In Depth Why printers add secret tracking dots They’re almost invisible but contain a hidden code Technology View image of (Credit Getty Images): What If... How Western civilisation could collapse The precipitating factors are already in place Comment & Analysis Prediction What is BBC Future?  Latest  Future Now  Video  OUR PICKS  Best of Future SPECIAL SERIES  Grand Challenges Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
