US hits Chinese and Russian firms over North Korea - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada selected UK Business Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say US & Canada selected US & Canada US & Canada US hits Chinese and Russian firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 From the section US & Canada Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-41018573 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Image caption N Korean leader Kim Jong-un says he is considering firing missiles near the US territory of Guam The US has imposed sanctions on a dozen Russian and Chinese companies and individuals it accuses of helping North Korea's nuclear weapons programme. Earlier this month, members of the UN Security Council, including Russia and China, voted for further sanctions against Pyongyang. The US Treasury said the move would "increase pressure" on North Korea. China responded swiftly, calling on the US to "immediately correct its mistake" of punishing its firms. The US Office of Foreign Assets Control designated 10 companies and six individuals in its sanctions. "[The] Treasury will continue to increase pressure on North Korea by targeting those who support the advancement of nuclear and ballistic missile programmes, and isolating them from the American financial system," said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. How advanced is North Korea's nuclear programme? A conflicted island at the centre of a firestorm Sons confirm death of US defector to N Korea Image copyright Getty Images Image caption North Korea objects to US-South Korea joint military training, which concludes at the end of August Image copyright Getty Images Image caption South Korea says the exercises, known as the Ulchi Freedom Guardian, are purely defensive The action means American individuals and companies are no longer permitted to do business with these firms. A series of missile tests by Pyongyang has increased tensions between North Korea and the US, with both sides engaged in a heated exchange of threats. US President Donald Trump has threatened the isolated regime with "fire and fury like the world has never seen", leading North Korea to respond with threats to launch missiles near the US island of Guam in the South Pacific Ocean. Image copyright North Korea Image caption In Pyongyang's most recent propaganda video, Trump is pictured in a cemetery In North Korea's latest propaganda video released on Tuesday, an image of Mr Trump is shown at a cemetery which is apparently meant to be in Guam. Vice-president Mike Pence is also pictured engulfed in flames. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson meanwhile has praised North Korea for "a level of restraint" it has shown recently in its weapons programmes. He said the move could pave the way for talks between the two sides "sometime in the near future". "We have had no missile launches or provocative acts on the part of North Korea since the unanimous adoption of the UN Security Council resolution," Mr Tillerson said in a reference to sanctions agreed by the UN against North Korea earlier this month. But such placatory words were not in evidence at a UN meeting in Geneva on Tuesday when envoys for the US and North Korea clashed. Both countries are technically still in a state of war since the 1950s. North Korean diplomat Ju Yong Chol denounced "constant nuclear threats" from the US. He added that "the measures taken by [North Korea] to strengthen its nuclear deterrence and develop inter-continental rockets is justifiable and a legitimate option for self-defence in the face of such apparent and real threats". More on US-South Korea military drills Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionObservers have been watching the north and south watch each other for more than 60 years. Related Topics Russia North Korea Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story James Dresnok: Sons confirm death of US defector to N Korea 22 August 2017 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation US & Canada Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada selected US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
