Vale the Village Voice: New York bible axes print edition - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business selected Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Business selected Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Business Business Vale the Village Voice: New York bible axes print edition By Jamie Robertson Business reporter, BBC News 22 August 2017 From the section Business Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/business-41017974 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images The Village Voice, for 62 years the poster child of American alternative journalism, is set to end its print edition. Although the title is to disappear from news stands, it will live on digitally. Peter Barbey, who bought the New York weekly in 2015, said the "business has moved online - and so has the Voice's audience". A Voice spokesman said it had not yet been decided when the title would stop being printed. The Voice was co-founded in 1955 by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Norman Mailer, who came up with the title, and his friends Daniel Wolf and Edwin Fancher in New York's Greenwich Village. Mailer left after four months, attributing his departure, reportedly, to a typographical error in his column that turned ''nuances'' to ''nuisances". The spirit of the paper in the Sixties might best be summed up by journalist Mark Jacobson: "Simply to be seen with the Voice set you apart: You were one of those people — hair too long, mouth too smart, not likely to go to the prom. Growing up in Flushing, the dream felt good." Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Norman Mailer pictured in 1970 In its time the paper has published investigations into both New York City and national politics, as well as reporting on arts, culture, music, dance, film and theatre, and supporting gay rights. The Voice also published the works of writers such as Ezra Pound, James Baldwin, Lester Bangs and Allen Ginsberg. The paper went free in 1996 but has struggled, like other print titles, to win enough revenue from its classified ads. In May the Voice relaunched its online edition, which Mr Barbey said would allow "us to do what we do not just once a week, but every day, across a range of media, from words and pictures to podcasts, video and even other forms of print publishing". In March 2016 the Independent became the first UK national daily to axe its print edition, with the title living on online. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Independent to cease as print edition 12 February 2016 Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Business Sections Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business selected Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
