BBC iPlayer - Parental Controls Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC iPlayer navigation Open channels list Channels BBC Channels Menu Open categories list Categories Categories Arts CBBC CBeebies Comedy Documentaries Drama & Soaps Entertainment Films Food History Lifestyle Music News Science & Nature Sport Accessible alternative formats Audio Described Signed Regions Northern Ireland Scotland Wales A-Z Full Series TV Guide TV Guide My Programmes Open my programmes list My Programmes Watching Added Purchases Parental Controls Parental Guidance Lock The Parental Guidance Lock helps you control what people in your household can and can't watch on iPlayer. Turn it on and we'll ask you to create a PIN. Then, whenever anyone tries to watch anything with a BBC Guidance label, they'll have to enter the PIN. What are Guidance labels? Bear in mind, this will only turn it on in the internet browser on this device. So you may want to also turn on the Parental Guidance Lock separately on your other devices. You already have a PIN set up. Turn on PG Lock Turn off PG Lock Turn on PG Lock More about Parental Guidance Lock CBBC and CBeebies preference Did you know there are special CBBC and CBeebies versions of iPlayer? They offer safe spaces for kids to enjoy programmes. If you like you can choose to go straight to these child-friendly versions whenever you visit CBBC and CBeebies in iPlayer. Or you can choose to stay in the normal version of iPlayer. If you change your mind, just click the Parental Controls link at the bottom of any iPlayer page. If you set your preference to always go to CBBC or CBeebies iPlayer you will still see the pop-up when leaving the child-friendly version of iPlayer. When you go to CBBC in iPlayer Always see the pop-up Always go to CBBC iPlayer Stay in the normal version of iPlayer Go to the CBBC iPlayer When you go to CBeebies in iPlayer Always see the pop-up Always go to CBeebies iPlayer Stay in the normal version of iPlayer Go to the CBeebies iPlayer Location and Language Change location: Close Nations England Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Regions Cambridge Channel Islands East East Midlands East Yorks & Lincs London North East & Cumbria North West Oxfordshire South South East South West West West Midlands Yorkshire Change language: English Close English Cymraeg Gaeilge Gàidhlig Help and tools Follow on Twitter | Parental Controls | Help & FAQ Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBCCopyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
