How luxury firms are using art to attract customers - BBC News Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business selected Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Business selected Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Business Business How luxury firms are using art to attract customers By Neil Koenig Series Producer, The Life of Luxury 17 July 2017 From the section Business Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/business-40592986 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionThe luxury firms hosting art exhibitions Luxury firms are often heavily involved in the art world, sponsoring individual artists or hosting exhibitions. But what is driving this interest? If you had wandered into the Palazzo della Civilta Italiana in Rome earlier this year, you could have been forgiven for thinking you had stumbled into an art gallery. For several months, the building's ground floor hosted an exhibition of works by the Italian artist Giuseppe Penone. But the Palazzo is not a gallery. Since 2015, it has been the headquarters of Fendi, the fashion brand. Fendi is far from the only luxury business backing artists and other cultural initiatives. Image copyright Fendi Image caption Fendi recently installed an artwork by Giuseppe Penone outside its main store in Rome High-end Swiss watchmaker Audemars Piguet has backed a series of artists over recent years and runs the annual Audemars Piguet Art Commission which includes a major annual commission each year. Rolls-Royce also runs an art programme, while Fendi's parent company LVMH opened the Frank Gehry-designed Fondation Louis Vuitton in Paris in 2014. LVMH says the move "epitomises the support for art, culture and heritage [the group] has been providing for nearly 25 years". Why are enterprises like these getting so involved in cultural activities? Is it purely philanthropic or are there also commercial benefits? In fact, it is for both these reasons and more, say bosses of luxury firms and observers of the industry. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rolls-Royce Motor Cars boss Torsten Muller-Otvos says collaborating with artists helps deepen customer relationships "In this kind of segment you are not selling metal, you are selling dreams," says Torsten Muller-Otvos, chief executive officer of Rolls-Royce Motor Cars. In the world of high-end luxury, "you need also to create a certain romanticism or romantic atmosphere around the brand," he says. One way of doing this, Mr Muller-Otvos believes, lies in collaboration with artists. The Rolls-Royce Art Programme, which has been running for several years, includes a series of events as well as commissions of new works. Artists who have participated include Yang Fudong, Jose Parla, Sudarshan Shetty, Angela Bulloch and Isaac Julien. For Mr Muller-Otvos this activity offers benefits beyond strengthening the image of brand. For one thing, he says, it has helped to deepen relationships with existing customers, including many who are art collectors, and also to attract new ones, who they might not otherwise reach. Image copyright Kate Peters Image caption Mohammed Kazem said he had complete artistic freedom in creating this sculpture for the Rolls-Royce Art Programme He also sees advantages on the production side of the equation. The highly bespoke nature of the cars that Rolls-Royce makes means that the firm needs to employ artisans with various skills. Artists involved with the Rolls-Royce scheme often visit the company's headquarters at Goodwood, Sussex, and spend time with workers there, swapping ideas and know-how. "It's mutually beneficial for both parties," says Mr Muller-Otvos. What do artists make of collaborations like these - and are they worried their creativity might be compromised by commercial considerations? Image copyright Daniele Barraco Image caption Artists must be free to work "without interference," says Fendi chief executive Pietro Beccari Earlier this year, Emirati artist Mohammed Kazem created a sculpture for the Rolls-Royce Art Programme, which has been on show in London and Abu Dhabi. He says he had complete artistic freedom, and that his visits to the Goodwood HQ, and his interactions with the staff there, were very helpful to him in visualising the work he wanted to produce. Nevertheless, many brands, particularly those in the luxury sector, like to retain tight control of their communications - isn't there a temptation for them to want to control the output of artists they work with? If there is, it is one that should be resisted, says Fendi chief executive Pietro Beccari. Artists must be free to work "without interference," he says. "Once you make the choice to choose one artist rather than the other, you have to go for it, otherwise you lose authenticity." It is therefore vital, he adds, for companies to choose carefully artists who are "close to your sensibility" and the values of the brand. Image caption Fendi also helped fund the restoration of Rome's Trevi fountain In addition to backing artists such as Giuseppe Penone, Fendi has also funded projects such as the restoration of the Trevi fountain in Rome. Pietro Beccari says initiatives like this can help the business in its push to identify itself more closely with Rome, "one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and which happens to be also a symbol of Dolce Vita [A life full of pleasure and indulgence] which is a lifestyle that we like to promote". Does this mean that more traditional advertising is now less important? No, says Mr Beccari. But today, luxury brands need to use many methods to get their core messages across, he says. "It's like a diamond with many facets, and every facet has a different side of the story." Peter York, who has been an adviser to many luxury enterprises, says that businesses in this sector have little choice but to follow, in some form or another, the approach being taken by Fendi, Rolls-Royce and others. He says: "The more that your brand is sold in luxury malls in China, the more concerned you are to reassure people who care about these things that you're 'the real thing', that you're associated with higher-level endeavours." But there are dangers, Mr York warns. Entering into collaborations with artists, or backing other cultural ventures, must be approached with the same care and thought as that applied to a new product or range. Be seen to be trying too hard, adds Mr York, and brands risk being seen as insecure, particularly by sophisticated customers. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Related Internet links Rolls-Royce Fendi The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories Tillerson piles pressure on Pakistan The US urges Pakistan to stop sheltering Taliban forces amid a new US pledge to support Afghanistan. 22 August 2017 Barcelona cell 'planned to hit key sites' 22 August 2017 US hits Chinese firms over North Korea 22 August 2017 Features The perfume scents that could be lost forever Solar eclipse 2017: The pictures you have to see Viewpoint: Why the US should withdraw from Afghanistan Video Ferguson reflects on US race relations Video What do Germans think of Charlottesville? Video Can these super-crops feed Africa? Video How to stop female doctors from dropping out 'We should give back art looted by the Nazis' When teens from Kashmir and Delhi became pen pals News navigation Business Sections Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business selected Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
