BBC - My Web My Way - Home British Broadcasting CorporationHome Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk search Accessibility Help This page has been archived and is no longer updated. Find out more about page archiving. My Web My Way - Making the web easier to use Local Navigation My web home How to guides Disability on BBC Online Best practice FAQ / Contact You are on: My web my way home Share this page View sitemap How to guides Choose a topic you would like help with I can't see very well I am blind I can't hear very well I find words difficult I find a keyboard or mouse hard to use Browse all guides Best practice Resources for making the web a more accessible place What is accessibility? Case studies About My web my way BBC accessibility policy Useful web links Standards and guidelines Contact us What is My web my way? This site provides accessibility help, enabling computer users to make the most of the internet whatever their ability or disability. Read more about My web my way Comment on My web my way's new look BBC accessibility news News Connected Studio Read more news updates Disability on BBC Online The best of BBC Online for users with disabilities Ouch! The online disability magazine You and Yours Games for switch devices BBC Online access services BBC iD BBC iD Settings Sign out Search term: BBC navigation News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio More… CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Earth Local Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Full A-Z of BBC sites BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Accessibility Help Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.
