AOL Travel - Deals, Discounts and Things to Do Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Style Beauty Wellness Food Travel Living Lifestyle Collective These are the most expensive travel days of the year Why you shouldn't use the hair dryer in hotel rooms Prison themed hostel offers the inmate experience Why all your friends are going to Portugal right now Top 5 Travel Deals Save up to 40% Fall Deals in Myrtle Beach, Save up to 40% On-site amenities include a 185-foot lazy river, pools, whirlpools and more! Price $499 & Up Provider Visit Myrtle Beach Book By September 22, 2017 Getty Images/iStockphoto Why all your friends are going to Portugal right now This coastal nation is home to some of Europe's finest beaches, medieval castles, wine country and port towns. Even better, it's relatively affordable. AFP/Getty Images A New York Times crossword-themed cruise to sail Three thousand wordsmiths will have the opportunity to sail the seas while completing their favorite crossword puzzles. GordonBellPhotography via Getty Images This is the world's most livable city, again No U.S. cities made the top ten. Watch Travel The 5 'most sociable' cities in the world For those who travel alone, the warmth of the natives is as important as the sites. When planning your next solo trip, you might want to consider one of these cities that were voted the most sociable in the world. See More More on Aol.com Getty Images/iStockphoto The best cruises for foodies The Moorings Village 8 vacation spots with the world's favorite color Getty Images Travel on a budget! Getaways for less than $300 TripAdvisor 10 most insane private pools in the world The Latest from our Partners How a Scandal Star Started Suffering From This Secret Skin Disorder The Best (and Worst) Foods for Arthritis and Inflammation From Melanoma to Meningitis: The Secret Health Problems of Dancing Stars Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits 2017 mortgage rates now at 3.04% APR (15 yr.) Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan 10 Things Your Boss Wants You to Do Without Being Told 13 Times Body Positivity Was Actually Celebrity Body Shaming 5 Simple Steps to Get the Best Night of Sleep Ever Tough Bikers Find This Stuck In A Fence - And There's Only One Thing They Can Do People Can Actually Travel To An Island Full Of Puppies And Now Everyone Wants To Go A Husky And A Pomeranian Had A Puppy Together And People Are Losing Their Minds Keeping Sliced Lemons In The Bedroom Has A Surprising Effect Man Who Finds His Dying Wife's Hidden Box Gets A Revealing Surprise About Their... Pennsylvania Town Used To Be A Wonderful Place To Live Until Everyone Left... Open an Online Savings Account and Earn $1000s CDs Remain #1 Safe Haven for Parking Cash in Uncertain Times Mortgage Rates Hold Steady – Experts Say to Refinance Now Sign up for Travel Report by AOL to get top travel deals and inspiration delivered to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe at any time. From Our Partners Bravo TV star Patricia Altschul Talks Parties The Salonniere 6 Bed Frames We Love Parachute Guest Etiquette 101 Parachute 9 Beautiful Bathtubs Parachute How to Recover from a Hangover ParachuteBy PubExchange Recommended For You These are the most expensive travel days of the year Why you shouldn't use the hair dryer in hotel rooms Prison themed hostel offers the inmate experience Why all your friends are going to Portugal right now A New York Times crossword-themed cruise to sail This is the world's most livable city, again The 8 most breathtaking national parks in America The best cruises for foodies Mon, Aug 21 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Lifestyle Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Lifestyle © 2017  Oath Inc. All rights reserved.
