- The Sweet Stuff of Life Home About Media Kit Affiliates & Ambassadors Reviews Giveaways Featured Events Better You 2016 Valentine’s GG Technology Time Petpalooza Beauty Bash Baby Gift Guide Back to School Guide Summer Event Super Dad Gifts Mother’s Day Christmas Gift Guide 2014 Outdoor Adventures Mom, Dad, Grad – a Family Celebration BTS Guide! Christmas Gift Guide 2016 Valentine’s Day GG Virtual Baby Shower Petpalooza Fashion is our Passion BTS 17 Summer Fun 2017 Recipes crafts Pets Disney The Sweet Stuff of Life Be the first to know about giveaways, reviews and more! Your Best E-Mail Address Reviews Book Reviews Products we love Tech Blogging apps and games Technology Time Home Crafts Green Living Preparedness parenting family Babies & Toddlers Movies Entertainment Disney DVDs-New Releases Movies & Television Education Finances Health safety sports Beauty & Fashion Beauty Fashion weddings Beauty Bash 2015 Social Good Travel Introducing Britannica Kids a New Online Resource for Students Continue Reading... Eat at 110 Grill for an Amazing, Inviting and Creative Culinary Experience #110GrillRochester Continue Reading... 16 School Supply Crafts Perfect for Back-to-School #Back2School17 Continue Reading... Scotties Kids In Need Foundation #SocialGood #Back2School17 #ReadySetSchool Continue Reading... Join In on the Adventure with P. King's GREAT JOG app #review #ad Continue Reading... Let Canvas Factory Capture Your Memories #Review Continue Reading... Shugar Soapworks- Rich Lather and Relaxing Scents in a Vegan Soap! Continue Reading... LG’s InstaView™ Fridge- Perfect for any Kitchen @LGUS @BestBuy #ad #BestBuy Continue Reading... Discover The Magic of Your Child's Name #Review Continue Reading... Send a Virtual Bouquet or Single Rose with the Flowerling app #Review #ad Continue Reading... Wipeout Dry Erase Protective Gear: Helmet and Accessory Pads #wipeoutart #iwipeout Continue Reading... How do You Protect Like a Mother? Use Lysol to Keep them Safe! #ProtectLikeaMother Continue Reading... Recipes Smores Cake Recipe for a Delectably, Rich Dessert I am not a big sweet eater, but every now and again I get a craving for something ooey-gooey and chocolately. Chocolate has always been a favorite of mine and who can resist the flavors of Smores?! Besides the campfire kind of Smores, there are other ways to enjoy the delicious flavor! Try our delectable […] Simple Horse Cupcake Topper Tutorial Super Simple – Super Cute – Horse Cupcake Decorations Do you have a cowgirl in your house?  I have a regular Annie Oakley.  She eats, sleeps, and breathes horses!  She started taking lessons last summer and she’s been hooked ever since.  Life gets interesting when you have a cowgirl who happens to be having a […] More Posts from this Category Reviews Healthy Glow for Nursing Moms with Belli Beauty #review August is National Breastfeeding Month, and nursing moms all over are sharing their pride on social media. As a nursing mom myself, I know how hard and rewarding this time can be. I am often up in the middle of the night to feed the baby, and it shows! I want a healthy glow on […] Peace of mind with Hanwha Techwin BabyView Video Monitoring System #review When we had our first child, we lived in a one bedroom apartment. The baby’s “nursery” was a bassinet in the corner of our room, and a drawer cleared out in our dresser for her clothes. We certainly didn’t need a baby monitor, since we could see her from almost any spot in the apartment! […] Go Back to School with Built New York #review #Back2School17 Bags are the greatest thing to me since sliced white bread! I just love bags of any style. And Built New York has all kinds of bags. They have bags of many styles, colors, and sizes. I originally thought they were the makers of lunch bags, but I was very happily surprised when I looked […] The Crowns of Croswald #review #Back2School17 In recent years, stories of fictional characters such as fairies, dragons, and evil queens have been very popular. There’s a new book, The Crowns of Croswald that takes middle schoolers into the mythical realm of the Halls of Ivy. Ivy Lovely, a 16 year old orphan, hidden for years behind an enchanted boundary that separates […] More Posts from this Category Pets Does your Cat have 1 of the Big 3? B.F.F OMG Can Help! #weruvagrade New People Food for your Cat! With International Cat Day happening on August 8, and Happy Healthy Cat Month in September, now is the perfect time to address the ‘cat in the room’—and that’s your feline friend’s diet. I’ll be the first to admit my own cat’s diet isn’t ‘purr’fect. BFK can be a picky eater, […] Pet Acupuncture: How Alternative Treatments Can Help Your Pooch Alternative treatments have been proven effective for many human ailments. Your ailing dog could also benefit from alternatives to medication. Consider these four alternative treatments when your dog is in pain, anxious or unwell.   Alleviate Allergy Symptoms Just like people can have environmental and food allergies, so can dogs. If your dog is sneezing, […] More Posts from this Category Movies Now Playing: Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature #TheNutJob2 Get ready to take back the park! In case you missed it, go nuts for a brand new featurette and clips from THE NUT JOB 2: NUTTY BY NATURE featuring the voices of Will Arnett, Jackie Chan, Maya Rudolph, and Bobby Cannavale! Also starring Katherine Heigl, Gabriel Iglesias, Bobby Moynihan and Jeff Dunham! It looks so fun- have […] Marvel Studios Starts production on ANT-MAN AND THE WASP #antmanandthewasp MARVEL STUDIOS BEGINS PRODUCTION ON “ANT-MAN AND THE WASP” Paul Rudd, Evangeline Lilly, Michael Peña and Michael Douglas return for the highly anticipated “Ant-Man” sequel   Marvel Studios announced today that production has begun on “Ant-Man and The Wasp,” starring Paul Rudd (“Captain America: Civil War,”  “The Fundamentals of Caring”), Evangeline Lilly (“The Hobbit: The Battle […] More Posts from this Category DVDs DC’s Legends of Tomorrow, Season 2 Released Today on DVD Warner Bros. Home Entertainment provided me with a free copy of the DVD reviewed in this Blog Post. The opinions I share are my own. DC’s Legends of Tomorrow: The Complete Second Season on DVD 8/15 As the third season premiere is set to launch in October, Warner Bros. has released the DC Legends of […] Disney’s The Lion King On Digital 8/15, Blu-ray 8/29 “The Lion King” Roars to Its Rightful Place in the Walt Disney Signature Collection  on Digital Aug. 15 and on Blu-ray™ Aug. 29 Disney announced today at D23 Expo that in August, one of the biggest animated films in history, The Lion King, the coming-of-age masterpiece, filled with humor and heart, breathtaking animation and soul-stirring Academy Award®–winning music […] More Posts from this Category Products we Love! Hi-Chew Soft Chewy Candies Hi-Chew is the chewy candy from Japan that has tons of flavors, lots of ways to buy it and made with real fruit juices, purees, gluten free, nut free and perfect for all members of the family. I hadn’t heard about Hi-Chew until recently but the fact is, they’ve been around for a very long […] Hearts at Seaside by Addison Cole with Tote Giveaway! When sweet Jenna Ward finally has enough of being “just a friend” to Peter Lacroux, she decides to make her feelings known once in for all. In Hearts at Seaside, Addison Cole shows what can happen when friends realize they are much more than “just friends.” Jenna Ward, school teacher for nine months out of […] More Posts from this Category Crafts 16 School Supply Crafts Perfect for Back-to-School #Back2School17 It is Back-to-School time again and kiddos everywhere are gathering their supplies. It is always an exciting time of year and it is even more exciting to get all your brand new shiny supplies together. There are so many cute things available, but what if you could make it even more special and fun? Well, […] 5 Artsy DIY Plastic Bottle Home Crafts Guest post by Phyllis Tee There are a few things that give you the sensation of satisfaction when pulling off a DIY project, especially when you have a story to tell about your time spent with your kids. Roll up your sleeves for these 5 artsy DIY home decor projects below to entertain your kids and […] More Posts from this Category Food Eat at 110 Grill for an Amazing, Inviting and Creative Culinary Experience #110GrillRochester Modern American Cuisine in a Trendy Casual Atmosphere We were invited to dine at 110 Grill in Rochester NH in exchange for our honest review.  All opinions are 100% my own.  If you haven’t tried 110 Grill, you really need to!  Here is one reason to go and keep reading to see what my family […] Get up and Go Organically this Summer #MDRSummerFun @GoOrganically Nothing says summer like a picnic with your best friend and some Go Organically Fruit Snacks! My son and his best girl, Kirek, do everything together.  She is “his dog” and will do just about anything for him.  She even enjoys picnics on the lawn or in the park or at the lake.  We took […] More Posts from this Category Home & Living Ideas to Make Your Front Room More Inviting Your front room is usually the first thing someone sees when coming into your home. It’s also a place where you’re likely to relax, or visit with family and friends, so it’s understandable to want to make this space as inviting as possible for anyone who happens to be in it. Here are some ideas […] Copper Chef Fry Pan: The All-In-One Pan that Cooks Faster & Healthier! At my age and as much as I am in the kitchen, I have used a lot of different cooking pans, appliances, etc. You name it and I have tried them! Except, I had been seeing the commercials on TV for the Copper Pans and I was intrigued. Could they really be all that? With […] More Posts from this Category Cars Have a High-Mileage Car? 5 Tips for Adding Years to Your Vehicle’s Life Many people love to get as many miles as possible out of an old car they love. Keeping a high mileage vehicle running well can save plenty of money and avoid the expense and hassle of a new car purchase. It is possible to keep many cars running well into the 200,000 mile mark with […] Teen Drivers: What Your Kids Need to Know About Getting Auto Insurance   Teens need to be very aware of the cost of insurance before they get their first automobile. They need to understand some tricks to getting the best insurance rates available to them. While some teens pay their own insurance, others still get help from mom and dad, so parents need to learn as well. […] More Posts from this Category Parenting Cultivating Vitality: How to Truly Keep Your Family Healthy and Happy Keeping your family healthy and happy is important. There are many ways you can ensure your family’s health and happiness. When considering your options, it is important to consider all the aspects of health. This means looking beyond physical safety and well-being and examining mental and relationship health. Create a Safe Environment A home should […] 3 Common Childhood Injuries To Prepare Yourself For No matter what you do to keep your child safe, accidents can happen at any time. All parents must learn how to deal with some of the most common injuries so that they don’t turn into serious disasters. The steps that you take immediately following an accident or injury could help your child avoid issues […] More Posts from this Category Travel How to Improve Your Next Family Road Trip Road trips provide an excellent opportunity to enjoy family bonding time, while undergoing new experiences together. They are the perfect time to make memories, and get away from the daily grind as a family unit. You’ll experience each other in a whole new way, especially while on the road. Of course, long stretches in the […] Taking a Trip? 5 Ways to Keep Kids Safe During Travel There’s still a few weeks before school starts, meaning there’s just enough time to go on one last trip this summer with your kids. While fun should be the first thing on your mind, you’ll also need to consider safety in the process of planning your adventure. Here’s five ways to keep your kids safe […] More Posts from this Category Technology New School Year Preparation With Epson Expression Printer #Back2School17 Epson Expression Printer Prepares Parents for the 2017-2018 School Year The bells in the school halls will once again be ringing. Kids will be dismissed from school each day with loads of homework. Sorry for the reminder. Preparation is everything! If you have everything handy for your kid’s homework and projects, it will make your […] D-Link Keeps You Connected #Review #Back2School17 D-Link Connects You to the World and Home Amazing Internet Capabilities with the D-Link AC2600 The internet is a REALLY big deal in our house. Between a smart tv, several gaming systems, laptops, an iPad, as well as, several cell phones, when service gets slow or dropped we hear about it, especially from our boys. […] More Posts from this Category Education Introducing Britannica Kids a New Online Resource for Students “Learning becomes a journey with Britannica Kids.” About Britannica Kids Britannica Kids is a safe and trusted site parents can feel confident letting their kids search through any topic that strikes their curiosity. This user-friendly site is being introduced by Encyclopedia Britannica that has nearly 250 years of experience creating reliable content. Britannica Kids provides […] Are you Ready for First Day of School? #FirstDayReady #Back2School17 It’s that time of year again! There is no mistaking that if your kids aren’t headed back to school now, they will be soon – the stores are filled with supplies and sales and ads for back-to-school. The beginning of a new school year can be an especially challenging time for parents and children both, […] More Posts from this Category Health Pilates- Refreshing Workouts for Health and Fitness   Pilates consists of a series of movements that are typically performed in a specified order. The exercises derive inspiration from ballet and yoga. Pilates lengthens and strengthens the body’s major … Read More Healing the Hurt: How to Start Moving on After a Failed Pregnancy Pregnancy is one of the most joyous things a woman can experience. On the other hand, a miscarriage or failed pregnancy can be absolutely devastating. Experiencing a miscarriage can summon a whole host of … Read More More Posts from this Category Fashion Entering Adulthood: 5 Things Every Young Woman Needs Growing Up Growing up is tough. Leaving college and entering adulthood can make you feel like you're in that awkward puberty stage all over again. Although it may seem like lots of young women have their lives together … Read More Sashka Co. Glass Beaded Bracelets are Made with Love! #Back2School17 Roll a Bracelet on and Make a Difference! About Sashka Co: Sashka Co. glass beaded bracelets are handcrafted with love by artisans in the Kathmandu Valley of Nepal. Each bracelet is carefully handmade bead … Read More More Posts from this Category Apps & Games Join In on the Adventure with P. King’s GREAT JOG app #review #ad P. King’s Great Jog is loads of fun, suitable for the entire family! About P. King’s Great Jog King Duckling is off and ‘jogging’ to his favorite cities around the world. Join him on his adventures in this endless runner game packed full of coins, power-ups, life extensions and tricky obstacles. Designed for ages 5 […] Send a Virtual Bouquet or Single Rose with the Flowerling app #Review #ad Show someone special you are thinking of them today. Say Happy Birthday, Congratulations, or Thinking of You with a virtual bouquet!   About Flowerling: Flowerlings bud, bloom and wilt in real time with a lifespan of seven days, digitally!  Flowerling allows you to send flowers in a new way that not only brings joy and happiness to those who […] More Posts from this Category Beauty Popular Anti-Aging & Skin Rejuvenation Treatments Offered in Any Good Med Spa There have been several revolutionary developments in the world of aesthetics during the last decade. In this digital era, everyone is leading a fast-paced life and time is in short supply. Everyone is busy and doing something productive in life. One thing that never changes in this ever-changing and constantly-evolving world is the wish to […] Leg-Luscious: How to Get Summer-Ready Legs #MDRSummerFun With the summer heat comes fun fashion that usually requires bare legs. But are your legs ready for summer? Flaky skin, prickly hairs, and bumps and bruises are something we all deal with, but how can you get your legs to their most beautiful? Take these four tips to heart, and they soon will be. […] More Posts from this Category Finances and Budgets Husband Lost Their Job? 3 Ways You Can Help Ease The Family Stress Uncertain and turbulent times are ahead – your husband has just lost his job. This is a worst case scenario for many families and is likely to be the cause of unprecedented stress on you all. You may feel powerless and begin to get stressed yourself, but there are some tangible things you can do […] Secure your Future as a Single Mother by Following Simple Steps   We have often seen people saying that getting a loan is one of the deadliest tasks to perform. This usually becomes the reason for confusion that appears within us when we are in emergency situation. Did you ever face this in your life? If yes, then we assure you that getting a loan has […] More Posts from this Category Please follow & like us :) http://www.momdoesreviews.com/"> Discover More! Summer Fun Back to School 2017 Great Giveaways! Win case of Bloom Baby Wipes US . 10 Days Left Win Toddy Gear Prize pack US . 9 Days Left Win $20 Walmart gc or PayPal Cash WW . 9 Days Left Win $200 Amazon GC US/CAN . 28 Days Left Copper Chef 11" 6-Piece Prize Package! US Ends 8/30 . 10 Days Left Win Coleman Steak Snacks $50 arv US . 11 Days Left Lots of Giveaways . 4 Days Left 2 Winners Citrus Magic . 4 Days Left Win Lugz Empire Shoes US . 5 Days Left 16" by 20" Canvas picture . 4 Days Left $25 Target GC & P. King Prize Pack . 4 Days Left Win 3 STEM and Stacking Games $200 arv US . 4 Days Left Win Eclipse Prize pack from Comet TV! US . 2 Days Left Win 3 Freshpet FREE product Coupons $27 value US . Last Day! Win Cross Body Coach Purse US . 12 Days Left SJ Works Classic Bicycle First Aid Kit! US Ends 8/21 . Last Day! Kindle Fire 7 Tablet with Alexa! WW Ends 8/29 . 9 Days Left $10 paypal cash or Cute Owl Candles! WW . 3 Days Left Three 20 lb bags of SmartCat All Natural Litter- US . 2 Days Left . Super Saturday Giveaway Linky! MEGA Christmas Gift Guide! 12 Days of Sweet Summer Treats Want more Pet Posts? Follow me on BlogLovin’ Follow We want your Pet Products! The Premier Firm In Real Estate VIP Real Estate Pet Supplies for Less! Find cheap pet supplies and other home products on DHgate.com FREE Coupons! Less Mess, More Fun! Shop Amazon for Great Deals! MDR is on the list! Save on Educational Products! Moms Connect Member Member of Everywhere Society BrandBacker Member Blog Meets Brand Amazing Resource for Stock Photos Great for Homeschoolers! Copyright © 2017 · Magazine Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
