Cloth Diaper Geek - Blogging about cloth diapers and life. Home About » About Cloth Diaper Geek She Thinks Media, LLC Brevard Natural Moms Disclosure Statement Babywearing » Boba Carrier and Wraps Dolcino Woven Wraps Moby Wraps Discount Codes Cloth 411 » How to Wash Cloth Diapers Can detergents cause chemical burns? How to Hand-Wash Cloth Diapers Advertising » Ad Rates and Sponsor Details Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube Cloth Diaper Geek Blogging about cloth diapers and life. Updates, discounts, giveaways and more! First Name E-Mail Address From the Blog WIN (2) FREE Tickets to MommyCon Orlando + a Mystery Cloth Diaper! {Ends 8/16} MommyCon Orlando 2017 is right around the corner!MommyCon Orlando is taking place September 2, 2017 at the Caribe Royal Resort and I'm giving away TWO free General Admission Tickets PLUS a mystery … [Read More] #BringingComfyBack Giveaway: Win Natural Parenting Products for your family! #BringingComfyBack Giveaway:  Win a Ring Sling, Fitted, Wool, Diapers, Cloth Pads, Accessories and more!Comfy Joey ringslings are well known for their magic hybrid CJ shoulder. This shoulder features … [Read More] My Social Anxiety Disorder vs. MommyCon #TheStruggleIsReal Attending MommyCon while battling Social Anxiety DisorderJust the other day my husband asked, "When are you going on another of your little escapades?"Last year I attended ABC Kids Expo in Vegas, … [Read More] GIVEAWAY: Win a $50 GC to the Picket Fence and shop for baby clothes, diaper bags, toys and more! The Picket Fence $50 Gift Certificate GiveawayThe giveaway is brought to you by way of a collaboration with NakturnalHave you heard of The Picket Fence?  The Picket Fence is an online and brick & … [Read More] Save up to $200 on Non-Toxic Natural Mattresses from MyGreenMattress.com! Are you interested in a safe, natural and comfortable new mattress?MyGreenMattress, the manufacturers of handcrafted all-natural mattresses from crib size through king size is celebrating the 4th of … [Read More] Are you ready to #SwitchtoSustainable? Participate in the 2017 Challenge, Facebook Party & Giveaway! Take the #SwitchToSustainable Challenge in July!It's time to #switchtosustainable and I am super excited to have been asked to help host this giveaway and event again this year. Balm Baby and several … [Read More] Stonyfield + Association of Zoos & Aquariums promoting education, conservation and awareness! #ImagineHow This post is brought to you through my partnership with Stonyfield Yogurt and AZAStonyfield Yogurt & AZA are dedicated to conservation and education!Can you imagine our planet without elephants, … [Read More] Celebrate #TheWholeYou with Stonyfield Yogurt and Prana + a 15% off Prana coupon! Sponsored Content brought to you by Stonyfield Yogurt & Prana via my participation in the Stonyfield Blogger Program.As a mother, self care is often overlooked.  We care and care and care about … [Read More] Win a Pure Echo Mattress {$529 Value} from MyGreenMattress.com! Win a Pure Echo Twin Mattress from MyGreenMattress.com!Want to try out the Pure Echo mattress for free? You'll love it!  MyGreenMattress.com will be giving away one Pure Echo twin sized mattress (or … [Read More] TIPS for Participating in the Annual Flats & Handwashing Challenge Flats & Handwashing Challenge TIPSBack in 2011, I did the Flats and Handwashing Challenge for the first, and only time in my years of cloth diapering and it was an eye opening experience. First of … [Read More] Recent Reviews Nerdy Mommas #FunctionMeetsFandom AIO Cloth Diaper Review featuring Dragon Ball Z! Nerdy Mommas Dragon Ball Z Fandom AIO Cloth Diaper ReviewI, being the lucky girl that I am, got to review yet another amazing AIO diaper, and since I am on a definite AIO kick with my cloth diapering … [Read More] Humbird HumCloud Overnight Fitted Cloth Diaper & Wool Cover Combo! Humbird Fitted Cloth Diaper and Wool Cover ReviewHumbird is a handmade cloth diaper brand from Germany that is known for its quality, wool interlock covers. However, they also make luxurious fitted … [Read More] Ditch the disposables! Choose Bummis Swimmi and Tankini for fun in the sun! Meet Bummis NEW 2017 Swim LineI’ve always had super cute cloth swim diapers adorned with adorable fishies, sweet little beach umbrellas, or lovely flowers adorning the fabric. These diapers are so … [Read More] Is the Smart Bottoms Dream Diaper a Dream Come True? {Review} Dreaming of trying the Smart Bottoms Dream Diaper?  Here's what you should know! The Smart Bottoms brand has really made a name for themselves in the cloth diapering world for offering superior … [Read More] AppleCheeks OS Pocket Diaper Cover Review: Great fitting and no leaks! Meet AppleCheeks NEW One Size Envelope Diaper Cover I’ve heard a lot about AppleCheeks diapers since I started cloth diapering my first daughter over seven years ago. I saw the adorable “ruffly” leg … [Read More] Buttons AI2 Cloth Diaper System Review: Nothing but LOVE! Buttons Diapers AI2 Cover System Review When I got the Buttons AI2 Diaper system in the mail, I was pretty excited because I saw that the inserts were compatible with some of the other snap-in AI2 … [Read More] Smart Bottoms Lil’ Trainers: Comfortable, Trim and Stylish Cloth Training Pants Smart Bottoms Lil' Trainer Review My three year old is potty training and it is a MUCH longer journey than it was for my first child.  When my oldest turned two, we said, “Okay, no more diapers,” … [Read More] “Smart Bottoms Diapers, a cloth diaper itch I’ve been dying to scratch!” Have you been itching to try Smart Bottoms 3.1 OS AIO? I’m not the Cloth Diaper Geek, but I’m definitely a cloth diaper geek because I have recently spent more time than I care to admit perusing … [Read More] Training Pants that look and work like Undies, The Bummis Potty Pant Review! Finally, Training Pants that actually look and work just like undies!  Meet the Bummis Potty Pant! One of the first things that I noticed about the Bummis Potty Pant, was the print and color options. … [Read More] TushMate All In One Cloth Diaper and Farmland Print Reveal! TushMate All In One Cloth Diaper and *New* Farmland Print Stocking! TushMate has a new print—Farmland— and they sent me one to review for the occasion of it's release today!  The first thing that I … [Read More] Featured Posts A Mama’s Journey to a Paleo Lifestyle! Why Paleo?I eat Paleo. Most of the time. I have made a conscious decision to change not just my diet, but my lifestyle to help my body function the way it was intended to function. And I’m not … [Read More] Realities of Motherhood: Fear of not having enough love for them all. What if I don't have ENOUGH love in me?It's a fear many mothers have but rarely talk about.  When your family is growing from one child to two or more you worry about being able to love your new baby … [Read More] We Pranked our Teen with a Fake Sleepover Bag and it was EPIC! Parents (That's us!)  Prank Teen with Fake Sleepover BagSometimes your kids are just asking for it!  We are always telling our daughter, if you want to sleepover you need to ask in advance and plan … [Read More] One Reason Leads to Another, The EVOLUTION of Cloth Diaper Benefits! Cloth Diaper BenefitsWe began cloth diapering for one reason alone: money. Now, we cloth diaper for a myriad of different reasons that we never even considered back when we were two months pregnant … [Read More] Go WILD With These Random Acts of Kindness Ideas! Random Acts of Kindness Sponsored by Stonyfield Yogurt This December my kids and I had a chance to take part in something really cool.  Not necessarily something we couldn't be doing on our own year … [Read More] Simple, Natural and Nutritious Baby Food Recipes from Dr. Sonali Ruder! You can make your own Natural Baby Food! One of the main reasons parents don't attempt to make their own baby food is because they think it's complicated, requires special ingredients, equipment and … [Read More] Money Saving TIPS for Eco-friendly Frugal Families Money Saving Tips for Frugal Families My daughter loves the American Girl Doll franchise so we read the books, watch the movies, and she even saved up seven months worth of chore money and birthday … [Read More] From newborn to teen. A co-sleeping love story. We co-sleep.  Always have, always will.  PERIODMy first child, our daughter, is 13yrs old and today is her 2nd day of 8th grade. I've been finding myself extremely emotional lately when it comes to … [Read More] Cloth Diapers ARE more work but I think that’s a good thing! Are cloth diapers really more work than disposables?  Yes, but that shouldn't scare you! We've all said it at one point or another, cloth diapers aren't more work than disposables.  They reduce the … [Read More] TEN Reasons You Might Enjoy Switching from Disposable to Cloth Menstrual Pads Reasons Switching from Disposable to Cloth Menstrual Pads should be on every woman's list of things to do! I was never much of a maxi pad person and like cloth diapers, I wrote off cloth menstrual … [Read More] Updates, discounts, giveaways and more! First Name E-Mail Address Hey There! I'm Julie, a former cloth diaper retailer who discovered a passion for the industry. Now, instead of selling cloth diapers, I advocate them and promote small businesses I love who sell and manufacture them. I'm the wife of a fireman and mother of three. I have a 13yr old daughter and identical twin sons who are 10yrs old. Welcome Eco Booty Hunters! Here's your 1st clue. You'll find clue #2 hidden with another event that spans the month of April. © 2017 · Pretty Creative WordPress Theme by, Pretty Darn Cute Design
