Popular Mechanics - How Your World Works Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Page-1 How-To Shop Awesome Planes Reviews Eclipse 2017 Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Terrific Two Wheelers The 12 Best Buys in Motorcycles for 2017 Are Your Solar Eclipse Glasses Really Safe? See Four Planets During the Total Solar Eclipse Researchers Find WWII-era USS Indianapolis 5-Pickup Showdown: Which Truck is King? NASA to Stop a Supervolcano by Stealing its Heat What a show! The Best Solar Eclipse Photos From the Internet By Darren Orf Solar System Share Missed Today's Eclipse? Start Making Plans for the Next One In 2024, another eclipse will traverse the United States—this time from south to north. If you missed the 2017 eclipse, make sure you're... By Avery Thompson Naval Vessels Share No, the USS McCain Wasn't a Victim of GPS Spoofing Thinking that an attack on the global positioning system caused the accident overlooks lots of other things. By Kyle Mizokami Total Solar Eclipse 2017 Guide 20 articles The Best Solar Eclipse Photos From the Internet See Four Planets During the Total Solar Eclipse Watch the Total Solar Eclipse Live Right Here Car Technology Share The Disc Brake of the Future: An Old Standard Reimagined for Electric Cars Continental seems to have solved the biggest problem with regenerative braking. By Bengt Halvorson Outdoors Share 16 Great Gifts For Adventure Junkies Give the gift of the great outdoors...and also a dope backpack. By Matt Allyn Hybrid and Electric Share Confirmed! Electric VW Microbus Coming in 2022 It's finally happening. We can't believe it either. By Chris Perkins GIF New Technology Aug 21, 2017 Share Reuse this Notebook by Popping It in the Microwave The way you take notes is about to change. TV Aug 21, 2017 Share Amazon's New Philip K. Dick Anthology Looks Like Sci-Fi Perfection Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams comes with big names and big expectations. By David Grossman Must Read The Best (and Worst) War Movies of All Time The 12 Best Buys in Motorcycles for 2017 The 10 Greatest Wildernesses in the World How To Fix Flying Car Technology Aug 21, 2017 Share How to Skip Gears With a Manual Transmission Without Breaking Anything It's all about rev-matching. By Chris Perkins Solar System Aug 21, 2017 Share Scientists Simulate Neptune's Mythical Diamond Rain Researchers recreated the conditions inside ice giants like Neptune and Uranus, proving that long-hypothesized diamond rain is possible. By Avery Thompson Moon and Mars Aug 21, 2017 Share Snow Can Fall on Mars Though it rarely makes it to the ground. By John Wenz Naval Vessels Aug 21, 2017 Share USS John McCain Hits Oil Tanker, 10 Missing The Navy said five sailors were hurt in the collision between the guided-missile destroyer and the 183-meter (600-foot) Alnic MC, an oil... By Associated Press Solar System Aug 21, 2017 Share You Will Be Able to See Four Planets During the Total Solar Eclipse When the shadow of totality falls upon the land, the stars and planets will come out in the darkened sky. By Jay Bennett Cars Aug 21, 2017 Share Watch Richard Hammond's First Drive After His Rimac Crash "This is beautiful. Thank you, doctors. Thank you." By Louise McCreesh Must Read Every Full-Size Truck Ranked From Worst to First The 20 Most Important Battles of World War II These Are the 50 Tools Everyone Should Own The 20 Greatest Driving Roads in the World Moon and Mars Aug 21, 2017 Share Watch the Total Solar Eclipse Live Right Here Slooh will be streaming all day as the shadow moves across the USA. By Popular Mechanics Editors Solar System Aug 21, 2017 Share The Shadow of the Moon Will Cross the Earth Today The total solar eclipse is finally upon us. By Jay Bennett Archaeology Aug 20, 2017 Share Researchers Find Wreckage of WWII-era USS Indianapolis The World War II heavy cruiser played a critical role in the atomic bombing of Hiroshima before being struck by Japanese torpedoes. By Associated Press and Douglass K. Daniel Moon and Mars Aug 20, 2017 Share The Eclipse Hunters Monday's total eclipse will be the first for many Americans. A hardcore group of enthusiasts, who structure their lives around the... By Katherine Gammon Best New Gadgets Aug 20, 2017 Share The 6 Best Wearable Cameras They say the best camera is the one that's with you, but what about one that's on you? By Brandon Carte Math Aug 20, 2017 Share Can Math Fix Gerrymandering? Some of the brightest minds in math arrived at Tufts University last week to tackle an issue lawyers and political scientists have been... By Associated Press Apps Aug 20, 2017 Share 15 Things to Ask Siri to Do That'll Make Your Life Easier Put Siri to work! By Brandon Carte Culture Aug 20, 2017 Share Learn How to Make Money with Cryptocurrency Here's how to take advantage of the confusing and lucrative world of digital money. Green Tech Aug 19, 2017 Share The Eclipse Will Majorly Impact California's Solar Power California will lose enough solar energy to power more than 1.5 million homes. By Associated Press and Jonathan J. Cooper Must Read The 23 Hammers You Need to Know These 20 New Space Photos Are Awe-Inspring The Best Cordless Impact Wrenches 31 Things Every Man Should Own Drones Aug 19, 2017 Share Man Caught Smuggling 13 Pounds of Meth Into US Via Drone Drones generally haven't appealed to smugglers because their noise attracts attention. By Associated Press and Elliot Spagat Gaming Aug 19, 2017 Share 10 Gameboy Games That Are Totally Worth a Replay These fun classics will take you back in time. By Brandon Carte Car Technology Aug 19, 2017 Share The Manual Car Is About More Than Shifting Gears Why you should care about turn signals. By Andrew Moseman Popular Mechanics Newsletter Get the latest Popular Mechanics news right in your inbox Please enter a valid email address. Success! You are now signed up for our newsletter You have already subscribed.Privacy Policy Manage Account Load more stories PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
