IT news, careers, business technology, reviews | Computerworld <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WBVXW9" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Close Ad Don't Miss: Excel vs. Sheets: Which is better for biz? Video: iPhone vs. Android: 12 key differences Install Windows 10 patches like a pro Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 2017 IT jobs report: Southeast region Free Windows 10 installation and configuration training A Silicon Valley CIO’s conundrum: With mobile apps, do you build or buy? Review: How SharePoint, Confluence, IBM Connections and Yammer compare More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Browsers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals PCs Processors Solid State Drives Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Centers All Data Centers Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables IT Leadership All IT Leadership Careers Digital Transformation H-1B Outsourcing Skills and Training Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Applications Mobile All Mobile Android Cellular Networks Mobile Apps Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows Mobile iOS Networking All Networking Network Security Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows Security All Security Application Security Cyber Crime Cyberattacks Encryption Endpoint Protection Malware Privacy Software All Software Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence CRM Collaboration Database Management Desktop Software Documentation Management Enterprise Architecture Java Development Office Software Open Source SaaS Social Business Unified Communications Vertical Industries All Vertical Industries Financial Services Government IT Health Care Retail All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close How to get Android 8.0 Oreo on your Pixel or Nexus right now How to switch from Android to iPhone Wanted: A world where virtual assistants help (without being asked) IT In-Depth iCloud security: How (and why) to enable two-factor authentication A Silicon Valley CIO’s conundrum: With mobile apps, do you build or buy? Mozilla nears finish line for 64-bit Firefox transition New Windows 10 Pro edition reveals Microsoft's inconsistency Microsoft's still trying to figure out Windows 10 support Video: iPhone vs. Android: 12 key ways they differ The best Google Chrome extensions of 2017 Microsoft details how to install Office with Intune BrandPost Sponsored by Sponsor Nativo title goes here How IT can prepare for VR, AR and MR in the enterprise Slack moves to integrate with EMM for enterprise security New in Windows security: Automatically log off suspicious users Winery uses custom-built mobile apps to consolidate insights What's in the latest Firefox update? Support for in-browser VR Android file transfer: How to move data between your phone and computer iPad sales growth doesn't herald a tablet-as-PC rush Evan Schuman The Zen of Mobile NIST: In mobile authentication, think hardware, not software The National Institute of Standards and Technology is trying to bolster e-commerce authentication on desktops and mobile devices. 2017 IT jobs report: Southeast region Ever-growing demand for technology pros of all stripes makes the jobs market particularly strong in the Southeast U.S. Check out average salaries for dozens of tech jobs in the region. Microsoft Excel vs. Google Sheets: Which works better for business? As Google has added more sophisticated features to Sheets, Microsoft has been beefing up Excel’s collaboration abilities. See which spreadsheet app wins in today’s multiplatform environment. Top Slack app tips, tricks and hacks for power users Slack is a powerful collaboration tool in its own right, which means it also has a lot of hidden ways of doing things. Here’s how to get the most from it from users who know it best. Free Windows 10 installation and configuration training This free training video details what it takes to upgrade or install a clean copy of Windows 10 and walks you through the process, step by step. 8 steps to install Windows 10 patches like a pro Tired of the bugs in Microsoft’s pushed patches? Here’s how to take control in Windows 10. Best Places to Work in IT 2017 IT pros, where do you want to work? Find out which employers are tops for salaries, challenging projects, training and time off. See the Best Places to Work in IT report Popular Resources Cloud Integration Strategy: Deciding to Build or Buy. Miercom Puts Silver Peak SD-WAN to the Test Transforming the Digital Data Center See All Go BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Akamai The Biggest Access Security Challenges and How to Address Them Sponsored by Espresa How to Facilitate a ‘Work Hard, Play Hard’ Work Culture Top Bloggers JR Raphael Android Intelligence How to get Android 8.0 Oreo on your Pixel or Nexus right now Woody Leonhard Woody on Windows Microsoft exec leaves Commerce Dept.’s Digital Economy Board Jonny Evans Apple Holic 6 iOS 11 iPad improvements in video John Brandon Tech Decoder The Essential Phone that’s not that essential Michael Horowitz Defensive Computing Testing an AmpliFi mesh point as a Wi-Fi extender Sharon Machlis Machlis Musings R Consortium survey seeks input from R users See More Blogs Most Read Beginner's guide to R: Introduction Beginner's guide to R: Get your data into R Beginner's guide to R: Easy ways to do basic data analysis Beginner's guide to R: Painless data visualization Beginner's guide to R: Syntax quirks you'll want to know Editors' Picks Here's how Windows 10's rapid release works, and looks Is a coding boot camp right for you? How to create an automatically updating Google spreadsheet Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Latest Video See All Video iPhone vs. Android: 12 key ways they differ Mingis on Tech: Android vs iOS – Which is more secure? How we connect to computers: The future of the keyboard Mingis on Tech: How linguistics can help catch cyberattackers The 15 worst data security breaches of the 21st century How Ford uses 3D printing to innovate How to Hack a Smartphone, Part 2 Become An Insider Sign up now and get FREE access to hundreds of Insider articles, guides, reviews, interviews, blogs, and other premium content. Learn more. Latest Insider 2017 IT jobs report: Southeast region Free Windows 10 installation and configuration training A Silicon Valley CIO’s conundrum: With mobile apps, do you... See all Insider Slideshows CW@50: A look at life on the job in IT through cartoons 10 years -- The Evolution of Apple's iPhone Meet the 19 organizations new to the Best Places ranks The Evolution of iOS More slideshows Stay Connected Get Computerworld updates via email, social media or RSS. Subscribe to our newsletters Follow us on your favorite platforms: Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Browsers Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Centers Emerging Technology IT Leadership Internet Mobile Networking Operating Systems Security Software Vertical Industries All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PCWorld TechConnect TechHive
