For Press Release - Online Press Release Distribution Service Reporter Account  Create New Account  Login! Search :   HOME PR SERVICES TOOL & TIPS CONTACT US SUBMIT PRESS RELEASE ADVERTISE WITH US MY ACCOUNT   RSS FEED   Widget   QUICK LINKS : Art & Entertainment Automotive Blogging & Social Media Business Computer Design Education Environment Events / Trade Shows   For Press Release Writing Increase Sales in Just 69 secs! Promote Your Events Post Your Story for FREE! Platform for Startups       Featured Press News on August 21, 2017     24 Seica Inc. will be exhibiting at the SMTAi show held in Schaumburg, IL Salem N.H, USA, August 2017 -- Seica Inc. will be exhibiting at the SMTAi show held in Schaumburg, IL this year showing our expanding lines of test and assembly equipment and demonstrating new frontiers of testing - the upcoming new strategy in test       39 Congress MP Ranjeet Ranjan's convoy crushes three to death in Bihar's Supaul Supaul's MP and Congress spokesperson Ranjeet Ranjan's convoy crushed three people to death on Monday. The incident took place at the Nirmali-Sikarhata Main Road in Bihar's Supaul. Nirmali block chief Ramprasesh Yadav, who was also present th     56 Paras Bliss Panchkula Brings Numerous hopes for childless couple with challenges of conceiving the naturally - The IVF Way Panchkula: 17th August, 2017: Numerous advancements in the medical field have made impossible things increasingly possible. A few decades ago not having a child would have been traumatic for a woman. But today, every woman can enjoy the pleasures of      48 Intex Technologies Honoured at CMO Asia 2017 Awards Intex Technologies, one of the leading mobile handset consumer & electronics major and owner of Gujarat Lions IPL Team, has recently been honoured and felicitated at the prestigious CMO Asia Awards 2017 held in Singapore for excellence in sports mark     61 Upset Hindus seek apology from Wrigley for non-disclosure of beef in various candies Upset Hindus are seeking official apology from President of Wrigley, said to be the largest manufacturer and marketer of chewing gum in the world, for non-disclosure of beef in some of its products; and immediate recall of all such items. Disting     59 Over 50% Suicidal Death Caused by Depression in India New Delhi : 20th August 2017 The recent incident of IAS officer Mukesh Pandey committed suicide due to family discord, has highlighted the grave issue of Chronic Depression in the country. As per report of World Health Organisation on depression,      83 Tech-Vidhya Launches CAD Training Program for Engineers and Designing Professionals August 20,2017 - Students and working professionals of mechanical, civil, electrical engineering and architecture disciplines looking for best CAD training institute will be delighted to know that Tech-Vidhya, an eminent telecom and industrial traini     144 Route to Success via Entrepreneurial Thinking! Srikanth Gaddam Releases Riveting New Book to Help Professionally Unfulfilled People! New York, New York, August 18, 2017 – Having launched a total of 4 successful companies in the past fourteen years, Srikanth Gaddam knows the entrepreneurial paradigm like no other. Over the years, he has learned how to make effective decisions and h     114 African Leaders 4 Change Awards to honour companies, individuals and organisations creating a better Africa though charitable work 21 November 2017, at the Sandton Convention Centre, the 1st annual African Leaders 4 Change Awards (ALCA) will recognise and honour people who have dedicated their lives to building a better Africa without any financial reward. “I think it’s impor     83 HireMee – The new State-of-The-Art Job Portal Launches Hyderabad 19th August 2017: HireMee is a new job portal and mobile application that connects companies and recruiters with fresh graduates from all colleges across India. This is a venture undertake by the CEO and founder Vee Technologies Mr. Chock     77 Gaursons to Invest Rs 1000 Crores For The First Mall of Greater Noida West Delhi/NCR: Realty major Gaursons Group will invest Rs 1000 crores to develop the first shopping mall of Greater Noida West. The project which is estimated to be developed across 70,000 sq. mtr. (7.5 Lakh Sq. Ft. ) Will house one hyper market, one foo     67 Harvard teaching Ramayana & Mahabharata Hindu epics Mahabharata and Ramayana will be taught in the upcoming Fall semester at Harvard University (HU), one of the world’s top and United States’ oldest institution of higher education established in 1636. These great Sanskrit epics will be     73 Intex Opens its 51st Master Intex Care Partner (MICP) in Bangalore; 2nd in Karnataka Intex Technologies, one of the leading consumer electronics company reached a new milestone in strengthening its after-sales service network with the opening of its 51st Master Intex Care Partner (MICP) in Bangalore, Karnataka today. The 1200 sq. ft.     94 ORRA Jewellery launches its flagship store at Bengaluru with glamorous Fashion Show A scintillating experience of diamonds, unmatched to any other, ORRA India’s most trusted brand for diamond jewellery has opened the doors to its fourth flagship store in Bengaluru. Located at Phoenix Market City, the store promises to bring an essen     68 ProAmpac Wins Two NAPCO packagePRINTING Excellence Awards ProAmpac won First Place in the Flexible Packaging Flexo Print Process category and also Best of Show from among 200 entries in the 31st package PRINTING Excellence Awards. ProAmpac, a large global flexible packaging manufacturer, won two top hon         Recently Posted Press News on August 21, 2017   28 ikasus Announces the Release of Their Enviable Phone Cases for All Manner of Device California, United States (August 21, 2017) – ikasus, a revolutionary company that is driven by the desire and passion to create products of superior quality for their customers all over the world, is excited to announce today the release and availab     39 Text My Main Number Shared How Google Local Business Texting Feature and Landline Texting Can Work for Businesses Text My Main Number (TMMN) is a renowned landline texting service provider from USA. It offers landline texting service in the USA and Canada to small to large sized businesses. The company has also accepted by the users as #1 landline texting servic     24 Seica Inc. will be exhibiting at the SMTAi show held in Schaumburg, IL Salem N.H, USA, August 2017 -- Seica Inc. will be exhibiting at the SMTAi show held in Schaumburg, IL this year showing our expanding lines of test and assembly equipment and demonstrating new frontiers of testing - the upcoming new strategy in test     23 101 Dental Group Presents Finest Dental Care Services in California Canoga Park, California August 21, 2017 - 101 Dental Group is one of the most trustworthy dental health clinics in all of Canoga Park, California area. The dental experts at 101 Dental Group are thoroughly committed to present all the patients with t     30 pH Sensors Market Confident That pH Measuring Probe Will Help in Real-time Cancer Identification The pH Sensors Market deals with the development of devices which provide the pH level of liquids. The usage of pH sensor is necessary to judge the quality of water being used in production. A pH probe test contains a measuring electrode, electrolyte     43 Successful Weight Loss via The Subconscious Mind! Hypnotherapist Steve Webster Releases Breakthrough Book To Help People Struggling with Obesity Dallas, Texas, August 21, 2017 – Having received an honors degree in hypnotherapy from the only accredited hypnotherapy school in the United States, Steve Webster C.Ht is a licensed hypnotherapist renowned for his expertise in weight loss. Webster ha     44 Elisiontec Announced Advanced Remote Agent Feature to Benefit Call Centers and Customer Support Centers Elision Technolab LLP is an India based VoIP solution provider Company. The company has been in the industry for more than a decade and benefiting its customers with their expertise in VoIP technologies. Recently the spokesperson of the company annou     45 CritterMap Software LLC Officially Launches Its Health and Fitness App And Is Available on Play Store Brain Audio: Sleep, Relax, Focus is developed by CritterMap Software LLC and it’s officially available on Google Play Store. It is the first health app from independent company that is known to for its Backcountry Navigator app. Brain Audio is dis     42 Sri Lanka cricket coach Nic Pothas slams selection policy after defeat Sri Lanka's cricket coach Nic Pothas has blamed outside interference for a string of poor performances, saying frequent changes to the selection line-up had made his job "very difficult". Pothas hit out after Sri Lanka, who suffered a 3-0 Test whi     42 The Phil Herman Method: Real Estate Maverick’s New Book Reveals Key Insights for Realtors LITTLE ROCK, Arkansas, August 24, 2017: Several factors determine the success (or failure) of a realtor. As the old saying goes, “The only source of knowledge is experience”, and this holds true in the real estate industry. Budding realtors will rejo           Recently Visited Press News on August 21, 2017   383 Four Bestselling Amish Authors Release Married in Lancaster Boxed Set on Kindle Amish romance lovers looking for a delightful boxed set collection can purchase Married in Lancaster: A Four-Author Amish Romance Boxed Set by Anna Fisher, Rebecca Price, Ruth Price and Rachel Stoltzfus today for $2.99 on Kindle and for free with a K     381 eBook unveils the three Es of positive team culture Creating a positive team culture at work requires education, engagement and the right environment, according to Dwain Richardson, author of newly released eBook ‘How to create a positive team culture for success!’. “Education, engagement and envir     160 Florida Artist Announces Release of His Latest Mixtape Khrxs 2 Florida, United States; 06, April 2017: KHRXS released his mixtape "KhrXs" in February 2016, featuring the production from Nard & B and Press Play. Hosted by DJ Pop Dukez, this mixtape was appreciated the world over and established the artist’s Hi-Ro     168 Lebert Fitness Partners with Fit Quote in the UK Knockdown, Tetbury, Gloucestershire ( ForPressRelease ) February 14, 2012 - Lebert Fitness( http://www.fitquote.co.uk/ )- pioneers in the field of innovative bodyweight training tools have chosen Fit Quote as its sole UK distributor. Besides other pr     282 Report on Growth Opportunities in Global Smart Grid Market The global smart grid market has experienced double-digit growth rates over the last five years and is expected to continue its growth momentum, reaching approximately US $57 billion by 2016 with a CAGR of 13% over the next five years.   275 599 Fashion is ready to sell cheapest clothes online under 10$ United States 08-12-2016. 599 Fashion is the largest clothing store online that provides widest selection of cheapest clothes online. It is the leading supplier caters amazing selection of apparels for men, women and kids of all ages. It is the #1 so     202 FutureTech Co. Ltd unveils the super effective Discovery V8 Dustproof Shakeproof Smartphone FutureTech Co. Ltd, a renowned global leader in secure mobile communications, has unveiled the super effective Discovery V8 Dustproof Shakeproof Android Smartphone, a premium device with the latest and high-tech specifications built for business prof     272 The 35th Annual Steinbeck Festival: “From Salinas to Sea of Cortez: Steinbeck on Land and Sea,” May 6-8 at the National Steinbeck Center in Salinas The Steinbeck Festival is back! The National Steinbeck Center, at One Main Street, Salinas, offers a weekend of engaging “JON talks,” new films, and a variety of tours (the Red Pony Ranch, Salinas walking tours, an Ag tour, Ricketts’s lab tour, and w     174 AIMS offers Certified Project Manager (CPM) program. One of the most trusted and widely popular UK based professional education institutions, AIMS now offers a Certified Project Manager Program that develops expertise in both PMP Waterfall and Agile Methodologies, with Software training. The highly exp     244 Local Exterminator Gives Pointers On Controlling Rodent Problems In Maine WINDHAM, ME - Matt Stover of Ants Etc. says that this time of year is the worst for rodent problems in Maine. He also says that many exterminators consider squirrel control in Southern Maine when they deal with rodent problems, as many people conside           ForPressRelease.com - Online Press Release Distribution Service . For press release, press release, media news, online press release, press release marketing Press release, Press releases, Press release India, Press release in India, India Press Release, New Press release, Latest Press release, Press release distribution, Press release submission, Submit Press release, Press release Writing, Business Wire India, News distribution, press release online, PR distribution, PR services, PR writing, PR campaigns, PR agencies, Free press release, online PR submission, Free PR distribution, Post Press release, PR alerts, SEO press release, News Release, Media release, Events Release, Product Press Release, Social Media Release, Press publication, Press Release Archive, Corporate Press release, Entertainment Press release, For immediate release     Subscribe For PR Daily         Sponsored News Release     Sponsored News Release India’s First Crowd Sourced News Platform For Social Issues Launches On International Women’s Day Beardgains.Com Reveals Beard Grooming Tips For The Modern Male Population Scares And Sports: Revealing Three Haunted Sports Venues To Visit On Halloween Studentify Announces FREE Services For Indian Students Seeking Admission In U.S Universities ForPressRelease.com & StartupKafe.com Join Hands To Provide Startups With A Platform To Achieve Their Goals An Indian Student Publishes An Amazon Kindle Book To Reveal About The Shocking Racial Discrimination He Experienced In A US University Online Gaming: Why Do Operators Offer Holiday Specials? KisanMarket.com Launched To Offer Indian Farmers An Online Platform To Sell Their Produce At Best Prices Blog Warns Students From Downloading Free Sample Papers As All Are 100% Plagiarized Dress Firm Reveals Helpful Advice And Tips For Finding The Perfect Wedding Dress LoanAdvances-PaydayLoans Brings A 20-Second Online Loan Approval Program For Short Term Payday Loans Coresonant Announces Successful Delivery Of 100MW PVID RFID Tags For MNRE Compliance Healthcare News: From Cherokee Scrubs To Pfizer, Supreme Court Decision On Affordable Care Act Could Have Far Reaching Consequences For Suppliers Of Medical Goods All Sponsored News     All Industries     Categories All Press News Art & Entertainment Automotive Blogging & Social Media Business Computer Design Education Environment Events / Trade Shows Government Health And Fitness Home And Family Industry Legal / Law Lifestyle Miscellaneous News & Society Politics Religion Sports Technology               Tools & tips | Contact us | Submit press release | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Rss Feed | Sitemap Copyright 2010 © All rights reserved
