Stereogum Features 10 Best Songs Album Of The Week Band To Watch But Who's Buying? Cover Story Counting Down Gotcha Covered Gummy Awards Interview Premature Evaluation Shut Up Dude Sounding Board Status Ain't Hood Straight To Video The 5 Best Songs Of The Week The Anniversary The Black Market The Week In Pop Ugly Beauty Ultimate Playlist All Features the latest // Premature Evaluation Premature Evaluation: Brand New Science Fiction Songs Videos Lists Premature Evaluation: Brand New Science Fiction Let's just take a second to marvel at the fact that, after eight years, having a new Brand New album out in the world feels like nothing short of a small miracle. There were times when it felt like this day might never come and other times when it felt like it was right around the corner, but it's finally actually here. A couple years ago, I wrote about how being a fan of this band could be a frustrating,... Taylor Swift Shares Cryptic Teaser Taylor Swift purged much of her social media presence last Friday, leading many of us to believe that her long-expected album rollout was about to begin. Today there's been some chatter about new music or information at 2PM EDT -- at the peak of the eclipse, smh -- and now Swift herself has tweeted out this 10-second lo-fi video clip. It appears to be a snake (a reference to her reputation?) or perhaps... James Murphy Implies He Ended LCD To Drive MSG Tix LCD Soundsystem's final show at Madison Square Garden -- or, in any case, the band's final show for about five years -- entered into the annals of New York rock legend almost as soon as it was announced. And James Murphy has talked before about how nobody expected his band to sell out the historic New York venue. In Lizzy Goodman's book Meet Me In The Bathroom, he mentions how some business types suggested... Ryan Adams Trashes Father John Misty On Twitter Ryan Adams is on one! Last month, Adams hilariously roasted the shit out of the Strokes on Twitter. And now he's moving on to some of his other rock peers. Early this morning, Adams took aim squarely at his fellow roots-rock wiseacre Father John Misty, calling him "the most self-important asshole on earth" and calling his whole style a "Nick Cave impression." Behold the ether: It's so wonderful... Foos & Rick Astley's Grunge "Never Gonna Give You Up" Foo Fighters played Japan's Summer Sonic Festival this weekend and so too did Rick Astley, so of course (?) they got together during the Foos' headlining set to perform a grungy rendition of Astley's eternal meme and '80s hit "Never Gonna Give You Up." "This is fuckin’ crazy -- I just met him two minutes ago," Dave Grohl said. Then Astley screamed, "Come on you motherfuckers!" Watch video of it below.... Premature Evaluation: The War On Drugs You guys ever see that Wilco documentary I Am Trying To Break Your Heart? I love that flick, but there's one scene in particular: Wilco are in the studio, recording what will eventually come together as their 2001 masterpiece, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, and the late Jay Bennett is explaining how they're developing the track "Poor Places" using ambient noises, clattering rhythms, and found sounds. Says Bennett: A... Oasis' Be Here Now Turns 20 Be Here Now was the beginning of the end for Oasis. You know the story: Going into 1997, the Gallagher brothers were larger than life, unstoppable. In their native England, they were critically respected and massively successful commercially, having become the rock 'n' roll stars they once sang about becoming, but also becoming tabloid-fodder fixtures in the center of the era's pop mainstream. They... Ugly Beauty: The Month In Jazz One of the first lessons I learned when I was first getting into jazz, back at the dawn of time, was Follow The Sidemen. If you hear a record that kicks your ass, write down the players' names and start looking for them. If Rudy Royston or Tyshawn Sorey or Johnathan Blake is on drums, buy that album. If Eric Revis or Gregg August or Stephan Crump is on bass, buy that album. If Aaron Parks or Orrin... Credit: Peter Byrne/PA Images via Getty Images Deed For Eleanor Rigby’s Grave Will Be Auctioned Off Have you ever wanted to be buried on top of Eleanor Rigby, the possible subconscious inspiration for the Beatles song of the same name? Well,… James Rettig | 4:47 pm Watch Bonnie Tyler Sing “Total Eclipse Of The Heart” During The Solar Eclipse The solar eclipse happened today. Have you heard about it? More importantly, have you heard our playlist? The only glaring omission from it is Bonnie… James Rettig | 3:51 pm Credit: NBC/Getty Images Bon Iver Announce US Fall Tour Dates Bon Iver will embark on a small tour this fall in support of last year's 22, A Million. The string of southern dates start off… Gabriela Tully Claymore | 3:46 pm Sportscaster Drops 42 Travis Scott References In 3 Minutes A newscaster recently took the opportunity to drop 42 references to Travis Scott in the 3 minutes he was allotted while filling in on KSBY-TV's… James Rettig | 3:44 pm Credit: Rich Fury/Getty Images for FYF King Krule Discusses Shelved Frank Ocean Collab: “I Don’t Think He Liked It” If you're part of King Krule hive, you've seen that Archy Marshall has been teasing new music over the last couple weeks -- he's mailed… James Rettig | 3:31 pm Stream Oh Sees Orc The John Dwyer-helmed psych rock band Oh Sees -- fka Thee Oh Sees -- have a new album out this Friday. It's called Orc and… Gabriela Tully Claymore | 3:25 pm Credit: Craig Barritt/Getty Images for VH1 Mobb Deep – “Greatness” In June, Mobb Deep's Prodigy died due to accidental choking, and since then some unreleased Mobb Deep tracks has surfaced. We've already heard "Try My… James Rettig | 1:31 pm Credit: Jack Plunkett/Invision/AP Chvrches Star In A New Archie Comic Chvrches will appear in a new Archie comic book series called The Archies. MTV News reports that the Scottish band will be depicted as mentors… Gabriela Tully Claymore | 1:29 pm Syd – “Bad Dream/No Looking Back” Earlier this year, Syd (of the Internet fame) shared her debut solo album, Fin, and today she's returned with a new double track called "Bad… James Rettig | 1:22 pm Jack Cooper – “A Net” Ultimate Painting's Jack Cooper will release a solo album this Friday. It's called Sandgrown, and we've already heard singles "Gynn Square" and "North Of Anywhere." Gabriela Tully Claymore | 1:11 pm Interviews Stream Cloakroom’s Time Well Early & Read Our Q&A With Frontman Doyle Martin It doesn’t take long for my conversation with Cloakroom frontman Doyle Martin to turn apocalyptic — this was about a week ago, back in the days of old when “threatening World War III with North Korea” seemed like a mortal lock for this month’s most nightmarish nadir of American societal decline. “I think it’s always… Semisonic’s Dan Wilson Discusses The Road From “Closing Time” To Penning Taylor Swift Deep Cuts Welcome to the second installment of “Tracking Down,” a new Stereogum franchise in which we talk to artists who have been out of the spotlight for a minute.… Q&A: Rainer Maria On Splitting Up, Reuniting, & Their Great New Album S/T Rainer Maria’s new album technically took 11 years to make — hell, longer than that, given that some of the writing sessions go so far back, they were captured on a MiniDisc. And yet, the trio talks about S/T as if it was almost effortless, nothing short of a telepathic miracle. Both bassist/vocalist Caithlin De… Q&A: Death From Above’s Sebastien Grainger On Changing Their Name (Again) & New Album Outrage! Is Now   When they first appeared in the early ’00s, Death From Above — then without the “1979,” once more without the “1979” today — drew attention for the singular nature of their lineup: a duo featuring Sebastien Grainger and Jesse F. Keeler, a vocalist/drummer and a bassist, respectively. Bass as a lead instrument is unique enough,… Q&A: R.E.M.’s Peter Buck On His New Band With Sleater-Kinney’s Corin Tucker & Automatic For The People’s 25th Anniversary Reissue Even at the height of R.E.M.’s success, guitarist Peter Buck didn’t like to take breaks. During his free moments, Buck would play with Warren Zevon in the Hindu Love Gods, gig with Robyn Hitchcock and the Minus 5, and joined the instrumental group Tuatara, among others. After R.E.M. ended their 30-year career in 2011, Buck… Lollapalooza Ups The Festival Merch Game Last year’s 25th anniversary Lollapalooza was overall pretty solid. I saw Radiohead, and Malia Obama, and got a contact high at Flatbush Zombies. The annual Chicago event unsurprisingly has a lot to offer in an increasingly crowded festival season, but one unexpected new amenity was the elaborate, indoor merchandise store, a walk-in retail experience that… Can We Get A Witness About a minute after a car drops us off in the heart of one of the older, scenic neighborhoods in Lisbon, Benjamin Booker sees a church across the street and says we should go inside. It’s one of those sudden, accidental moments of beauty you come across randomly on old European streets, a building that… Band To Watch: Partner Few bands sound like they’re having more fun than Partner. Lucy Niles and Josée Caron have mastered the art of triumphant alt-rock songs about the everyday lives of queer goofball stoners. The Windsor, Ontario duo have been honing that creative chemistry for years, both as friends and as collaborators in two previous bands, the hardcore… “Flagpole Sitta” At 20: A Conversation With Harvey Danger’s Sean Nelson Welcome to the first installment of “Tracking Down,” a new Stereogum franchise in which we talk to artists who have been out of the spotlight for a minute. We’re kicking off this series with Harvey Danger’s Sean Nelson, whose classic single “Flagpole Sitta” turns 20 years old tomorrow. Enjoy!… Q&A: Gillian Welch On The Arcane Process Of Pressing Vinyl & Why She Didn’t Feel Like A Proper Artist Until Now The music of Gillian Welch exists outside of time. When she first started performing under her own name in the ’90s, she was singing dirges and ballads and rambling cautionary tales in a voice that harkens back to folk songs you’d be more likely to hear in the Library Of Congress’ archive than anywhere else. Q&A: Ben Gibbard On His Teenage Fanclub Tribute, The Next Death Cab LP, & His Heaviest Song Ever It shouldn’t surprise anyone that Ben Gibbard’s favorite band is Teenage Fanclub, another ostensibly alt-rock-identified bunch of formalist squares whose records are as crafty and delicately layered as Death Cab For Cutie’s. But his new solo take on the entirety of their 1991 power-pop landmark Bandwagonesque (out this week via Turntable Kitchen) is still quite… Q&A: Ariel Pink On Trump, Madonna, & His New Album Dedicated To Bobby Jameson “Pursuit of fame is as deadly as any narcotic I have ever used,” proclaims the header of Bobby Jameson’s blog. He started writing entries in 2007, after a silence so long his former peers in the music business thought he must be dead. That’s because, until he left it in the 1980s, he was known… Michael McDonald Picks The Song Of The Summer Stereogum’s annual Song Of The Summer contest is still anyone’s game, and who better to assess this year’s competitors than Michael McDonald? This fall the golden-throated, oft-imitated singer/songwriter will release Wide Open, his first album of original tunes in 17 years. The R&B legend famously lent his chops to hits by Steely Dan and the… Q&A: D∆WN On Bringing A Stadium Show To Misfit Kids Wherever She Goes Before we see Dawn Richard play Pitchfork Festival’s Blue Stage, we see what she’s built for us: three jagged peaks made of neon tubing rising up from the floor. They’re the latest iteration of her personalized set design, which previously has taken the shape of a single neon triangle yawning nine feet high behind her. Q&A: Mitski On Her Next Album & Making Sense Of Newfound Fame Mitski Miyawaki responds to interview questions with the same thoughtful precision she brings to her songwriting. There is no flippancy in her answers, and they often approach familiar subject matter from surprising angles in a way that feels profound rather than willfully obtuse. One of the most striking qualities of Bury Me At Makeout Creek… Omni – “Southbound Station” Video Last month, Omni shared "Equestrian," the first single from the Atlanta trio's quick follow-up to their 2016 debut, Deluxe. Today, they've shared another new track… James Rettig | 1:07 pm Wolves In The Throne Room – “Angrboda” Next month, the Pacific Northwestern black metal spell-casters Wolves In The Throne Room will release their new album Thrice Woven, and we've already posted the… Tom Breihan | 12:50 pm Yo Gotti – “Rake It Up” (Feat. Nicki Minaj) Video Earlier this summer, Memphis rapper Yo Gotti and Atlanta superproducer Mike WiLL Made-It teamed up for a mixtape, Gotti Made-It. One of the tracks on… James Rettig | 12:40 pm Watch Code Orange Play A Truly Badass Wrestling Entrance Theme Wrestling fans know: You almost never get an actual good band performing during a WWE show. But this weekend, we got one. On Saturday night,… Tom Breihan | 12:29 pm Modern Baseball Announce First Headlining Shows Since Mental Health Hiatus The future of Philadelphia emo heroes Modern Baseball seemed in doubt when they canceled their remaining tour dates last February, less than a month after… Chris DeVille | 12:18 pm Premature Evaluation Premature Evaluation: Brand New Science Fiction Let's just take a second to marvel at the fact that, after eight years, having a new Brand New album out in the world feels… James Rettig | 12:01 pm Lone – “Looking Glass” Matt Cutler, the UK producer who records as Lone, has remixed Radiohead and collaborated with Azealia Banks. Earlier this year, he released an EP of… Tom Breihan | 11:58 am Credit: Theo Wargo/Getty Images Action Bronson To Host Snapchat Dating Show, Late-Night Show For Vice Action Bronson is still plenty active as a rapper; his new Blue Chips 7000 comes out later this week. But soon, he'll be even more… Tom Breihan | 11:38 am Credit: Charlie Riedel/AP Here Is Stereogum’s Solar Eclipse Playlist Today, Planet Earth will experience a solar eclipse. The event is a big deal -- particularly in the United States -- because for the first… James Rettig | 11:17 am Taylor Swift Shares Snake Teaser, Reportedly For New Single “Timeless” Taylor Swift purged much of her social media presence last Friday, leading many of us to believe that her long-expected album rollout was about to… Chris DeVille | 11:10 am Luna – “Fire In Cairo” (The Cure Cover) Video (Feat. Rose McGowan) The dreamy '90s New York rockers Luna have reunited, and they're about to drop two new releases: An all-new EP called A Place Of Greater… Tom Breihan | 11:09 am The War On Drugs – “Pain” Video Later this week, the War On Drugs will release their excellent new album A Deeper Understanding. And this morning, the band has followed the moving… Tom Breihan | 10:17 am Credit: Sean Mundy Premiere Common Holly – “Nothing” Montreal's Common Holly -- the indie-rock singer-songwriter born Brigitte Naggar -- has shared stages with impressive names like Half Waif and Land Of Talk, and… Chris DeVille | 10:10 am Credit: Bella Howard “Seriously Ill” Charli XCX Apologizes For Canceling Summer Sonic Charli XCX has always held a special place in her heart for Japan. She filmed her great "SuperLove" video in Toyko and collaborated with J-pop… Tom Breihan | 10:06 am Credit: Zoe Davis Andrew Hung – “Animal” Benjamin John Power, one half of the great UK duo Fuck Buttons, has built himself a thriving solo career, releasing music under the name Blanck… Tom Breihan | 9:51 am Diane Coffee – “Eclipse” (Pink Floyd Cover) Video The only thing anybody in this country can talk about right now is the solar eclipse that will sweep across the US map like some… Chris DeVille | 9:50 am Credit: Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images James Murphy Implies He Ended LCD Soundsystem On A Lark To Drive MSG Ticket Sales LCD Soundsystem's final show at Madison Square Garden -- or, in any case, the band's final show for about five years -- entered into the… Tom Breihan | 9:28 am Premiere Absolutely Free – “The Sun Ain’t Gonna Shine Anymore” (Frankie Valli Cover) The first artist to record Bob Crewe and Bob Gaudio's "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine (Anymore)" was Frankie Valli, for whom it was the first… Chris DeVille | 9:20 am Credit: Michael Loccisano/Getty Images St. Vincent’s New Album Is “All About Sex And Drugs And Sadness” St. Vincent released the new single "New York" earlier this summer, and she's heading out on tour this fall. She also debuted a new song… Tom Breihan | 9:02 am Credit: Jim Dyson/Getty Images Watch Radiohead’s Thom Yorke & Jonny Greenwood Play Rarities At Italian Earthquake Benefit Radiohead's Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood played a rare stripped-down show as a duo tonight at the Macerata Sferisterio. It was a benefit show for… James Rettig | August 20, 2017 - 6:20 pm Previous 1 2 3 4 ... Next Stereogum Digest Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Heavy Rotation All » Brand New – Science Fiction The War On Drugs – A Deeper Understanding Cloakroom – Time Well EMA – Exile In The Outer Ring Rainer Maria – S/T Oneohtrix Point Never – Good Time OST Tall Friend – Safely Nobody’s Soccer Mommy – Collection In Case You Missed It 31 Essential Shoegaze Tracks 36 Essential '80s Pop Metal Tracks 26 Essential Songs From The NYC Rock Resurgence FEATURES SONGS VIDEOS LISTS CONTACT US Stereogum.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Stereogum Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum   Close   Username Password Remember me   Not a member? Sign Up / Forgot your password? Sign in with Facebook   Email Username Password Confirm Password Sign in with Facebook Already a member? Sign In   Please enter your account email address, we'll send you an email with instructions to reset your password: Cancel
