Sports News, Political Happenings, Hot Girls & Entertainment Buzz |EveryJoe EveryJoe Cage Potato MadeMan The Escapist Screen Junkies EveryJoe YouTube Channel EveryJoe on Facebook Twitter RSS What’s hot Women Sports Humor Crime Politics Entertainment Videos Subscribe Election 2016 Search Impeach Trump Over Charlottesville Remarks? Dem Wants To Impeach Trump Over Charlottesville Remarks Google CEO Weighs In On ‘Harmful’ Damore Memo Kushner Denies Russian Collusion After Senate Testimony Sen. John McCain Diagnosed With Brain Cancer Featured Get the Latest Entertainment News What's New Entertainment “Game of Thrones” Season 7, Episode 6 Was… Chilling If you watched Game of Thrones last night and didn’t feel chilled to the bone you may not be alive. That episode was insanity. Sheer insanity. Just when we thought it couldn’t get crazier, it totally did. Spoilers ahead! Let’s get … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News Petition: Replace Confederate Monument With Missy Elliot Statue Residents of a small city in Virginia are circulating an online petition that calls for the removal of a Confederate monument in the town’s historic district – and for a statue honoring rapper Missy “Misdemeanor” Elliot to be erected in … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News Powerball Jackpot Soars To Third Largest Payout In US History Are you feeling lucky? If so, you might want to head down to your local gas station or liquor store and scoop up some Powerball tickets for your (astronomically) small chance at taking home the estimated $650 million jackpot, which … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News How To Not Go Blind Watching The Solar Eclipse The solar eclipse is almost here, and if you’re lucky enough to be in its prime viewing path (hint: Oregon, Idaho, and Wyoming will have the clearest skies) it might be difficult to resist going against everything you’ve ever been … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News Stelter Wonders If Trump Suffers From ‘Some Kind Of Illness’ CNN host Brian Stelter opened Sunday’s edition of “Reliable Sources” by pondering out loud whether President Donald Trump is fit to serve as president, whether he is a racist, and whether he is suffering from “some kind of illness.” “Now … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News Student Who Toppled Confederate Monument May Get Scholarship A student who faces felony charges for her part in tearing down the Confederate statue in Durham, North Carolina, last week may find herself to be the proud recipient of a scholarship from North Carolina Central University thanks to her … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet Sports Police Turn Out In Droves To Support Kaepernick A throng of law enforcement officers turned out to a New York City rally on Thursday to support controversial NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick, wearing “#ImWithKap” T-shirts and sharing remarks that blamed Kaepernick’s unemployment on racism. The event, which was organized … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News White Supremacist Leader Blames ‘Heinous’ Tweet On Drugs, Alcohol Jason Kessler, the man behind the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, that saw one person die and nearly two dozen others get injured after demonstrators on opposing sides clashed, is now backpedaling after posting a “heinous” tweet insulting … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News Woman Who Won $1M From Cop Abuse Case Sues Again A teenage sex worker who was awarded nearly $1 million after several Bay Area police officers were found to have used her as a sex object while she was still a minor is now suing once again, claiming a similar … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet News Alex Jones Gets Coffee Dumped On Head In Seattle In a city that is world-renowned for its coffee, conspiracy theory provocateur Alex Jones was given a heaping serving of joe by a passerby who, instead of arguing with the shock jock, decided to dump the contents of his thermos … More » Be Sociable, Share! Tweet Click for more posts Archives About Advertise Editorial Team Privacy Policy / CA Privacy Policy Terms of Use ©2014 Defy Media, LLC, All rights reserved. Part of the Made Man network. Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address   or   Cancel
