Look Between the Lines – art and journaling menu Life in General Art Portfolio Visual Journals Craft Projects Art Lessons Reviews & Giveaways Contact Sponsors Teachers Pay Teachers: Principles of Design Worksheet Pack Posted on July 10, 2017July 10, 2017 by Whitney Panetta So far this summer I have enjoyed a break from my normal teaching schedule, a trip to South Africa, Hilton Head Island, Smith Lake, and I’ve been getting extra snuggles from my little man Cooper. In addition to traveling and snuggling, I have also been working hard to get new items posted on Teachers Pay Teachers. Last year my August and September earnings from the website funded a trip to Europe for my husband and I. This year, and for the foreseeable future, I hope to save my earnings for a home renovation. It’s a big goal I have set for myself, but I am confident with a lot of hard work I can get there. My last post, over two months ago {whoops} focused on one of my newest Teacher Pay Teacher products, a revamp of my hand drawn elements of art worksheets. Today, I finally got my final worksheet of my principles of design pack added to the website. Check it out here. This pack includes eight worksheets. Each worksheet focuses on a different principle of design. I created worksheets for balance, emphasis, movement, proportion, repetition and pattern, rhythm, unity, and variety. On the front of each handout there is information on different ways you can incorporate that principle into your artwork.The back of each worksheet has an activity for the students to complete to test their understanding of the information on the front. I use these in my Introduction to Art classes, which are added to their art notebooks and checked for daily grades at the end of the semester. Now that I have two versions of the elements and principles worksheets, I plan to use one set in my Intro class and one set used as a reminder for an upper level course. These sheets were created for grades 4th-12th grade. Some have more complex ideas, and may not be suitable for younger than 4th. I would encourage use of these in levels as high as AP art, when the elements and principles are one of the bases for grading the portfolios. I loved making each of these. Each were inspired by a piece of my life or a simple occurrence at the time I was designing them. My emphasis worksheet is an obvious reflection of my love for chickens. My repetition and pattern worksheet was created on a very rainy day while I was vacationing at Smith Lake in Alabama, which inspired the cloud and water design. If you haven’t checked out products on Teachers Pay Teachers yet, I strongly encourage it. There are some amazing, creative teachers out there and you are helping to support another person directly involved in education. It has also helped me become a better teacher because I find myself cleaning up my lesson plans and PowerPoints to make them better sellers, and better teaching tools in my classroom. Thanks for taking the time to check out my blog! I recently did a major design overhaul, I hope you enjoy the cleaner look. Help me spread the word about my Teachers Pay Teachers products, and in turn help me expand my house to fit my expanding family, by sharing this post with others. Thanks for stopping by! Your email:   Posted in Art LessonsTagged 4th grade art, 5th grade art, art, art daily grade, art edu, art education, art handout, art lessons, art project, art teacher, art worksheet, atlanta, atlanta art teacher, atlanta artist, balance, elements of art, emphasis, georgia education, georgia teacher, high school art project, look between the lines, middle school art, middle school art lesson, minilessons, pattern, principles of design, principles of design worksheets, proportion, repetition, teachers pay teachers, texture, unity, variety, visual art, whitney panettaLeave a comment Elements of Art Worksheet Pack + TPT Sale Posted on May 8, 2017May 12, 2017 by Whitney Panetta For the last three years, my best seller on my Teachers Pay Teachers website has been my hand drawn elements of art worksheet pack. I spent the summer of 2014 drawing out my elements of art, principles of design, and visual journal how to worksheets. I carefully drew them in pencil, spell checked, had my husband spell check, and finally traced over everything in sharpie. Next, everything was scanned in, edited, and uploaded to my store. Hours went into that product, but it has certainly paid off. I have gotten a lot of great feedback and constructive criticism on my product. The biggest issue that has come up over the years is the legibility of my sheets. For the most part, they are fairly clear, but there are a few spots where text is squeezed in. In addition, students these days are more used to reading text off a screen than handwriting on a sheet of paper. While I enjoy the handmade aspect of these products, I decided it was time to bring them up to the modern era. Over Christmas break I began digitally redesigning all of my element of art worksheets. This task proved more difficult than I expected. I not only wanted to give it a more legible look, but I also wanted to maintain a modern feel, and provide new information. For example, if my customers wanted to review the elements of art in their painting class, they could get an entire new set of worksheets to use in their classroom. I thought this would be fairly easy, but there is only so many ways you can explain value. Once again hours were spent creating these new products, and finally, last night I uploaded the compilation pack of the seven worksheets. I love the new look and I am proud of the fact that the information was presented in a new way. A lot of the same things are covered, but with different explanations, examples, and applications.  Like my original set, this pack includes the elements of art: color, line, shape, form, texture, value, and space. Each worksheet includes a color and black and white version of the front, and a back that tests the students’ understanding of the information on the front. These are great activities to get the students thinking about the elements and putting information to practice before final projects. In addition to finally finished my updated elements of art worksheets, I am participating in the Teachers Pay Teachers end of school year sale. My entire store will be 20% off tomorrow (5/9/17) through Wednesday (5/10/17). That puts this pack at just $8.00. If you haven’t checked out Teachers Pay Teachers yet, give it a try. There is nothing better than finding great resources for your classroom and supporting your fellow educators at the same time. The majority of my profits from my store go straight to my pocket, TPT only takes a small percentage, making all my time and effort well worth it. We are almost there, summer is just around the corner. Thanks for taking the time to check out my blog! Help me spread the word about art education, teachers pay teachers, visual journaling, and crafting in general by sharing with others. Thanks for stopping by. Your email:   Posted in Art LessonsTagged art education, art lessons, art teacher, art worksheet pack, artist sketchbook, atlanta ga, blog, color, color worksheet, craft blog, craftisim movement, do it yourself, elements of art, elements of art worksheet, form, form worksheet, lesson plan, line, shape, shape worksheet, sketchbook, space, space worksheet, teacher, teachers pay teachers, teaching, texture, texture worksheet, TPT, value, value worksheet, whitney panettaLeave a comment Visual Journal Page 20: Breathe In, Breathe Out Posted on April 20, 2017May 12, 2017 by Whitney Panetta There are many nights I lay in bed, my body exhausted, eyes heavy, and mind racing. The endless to do list scrolls through, the what did I forgets start haunting, the stress from the day just can’t seem to find a way to subside. When I first started teaching I had many restless nights. Fear kept me awake. Fear of what the next day would bring. Fear of sleeping in. Fear of not being prepared. Fear of forgetting something. Fear of failure. Fear of my students. Many days I felt like a hoax. I had no idea what I was doing. That year, everyday was the first day for me. My first year anxieties lessened with each passing year. I learned a lot, found projects that were reliable, and developed systems for handling my students. As my stress levels were reduced, my nights of sleep got better. However, I would still periodically have those moments where I would lay in bed, stuck in limbo, unable to pass into sleep or wake up enough to do something else. In those moments I fall back on my old restless night strategies. I would lay still and focus on my lungs. As I would breathe in I would feel my lungs expand to capacity. I would imagine the folds filling out and pressing into my other organs as they expanded. I would breathe out. My lungs would slowly collapse pushing all air out, until they were tiny, limp, and deflated. I would repeat this until I finally drifted beyond the middle into sleep. This method has helped me through many of my most restless nights. It’s my off button for my brain. A simple strategy to put focus on my most basic body function, breathe in… breathe out… SUPPLIES Visual journal Scissors Rubber cement Black bleeding tissue paper Gesso Paint brush Water Sharpie Old book pages HOW TO This is one of those visual journal pages that was fairly simple to create, but had a lot of impact once it was finished. It was also one of those pages that I visualized in my head before starting and it came out just as I expected, if not better, which rarely happens. I knew I wanted to create an image of a lung. I started this journal page by looking up medical drawings of lungs to reference. I wanted to make sure it was accurate. Once I settled on an image I began thinking about the look. I had recently completed a page about a black widow (check it out here) where I used black bleeding tissue paper and gesso. I loved the look the wet gesso created on the paper. A red hue would bleed into the white gesso from the black tissue paper. I decided this would be a good material to use for this visual journal page as well. Once I had my image, a sheet of black tissue paper, paintbrush, and gesso, I was ready. I freehanded the painting of the lungs. I started with a loose outline of the shape and went into the bigger sections first, which was the white block in the heart that expanded to the veins in the lungs. I carefully planned around sections that needed to stay black and moved from one area to the next. For the arteries of the heart I used curved lines to show the shape and to give it texture to separate it from everything else. I liked the look of the lines and decided to carry them into the spaces between the veins in the lungs to fill out the shape. I mimicked the circular tissue pattern from the original image into my painting as I moved to the bottom of the lungs. To define the esophagus I used short, hatch lines, that also curved along the contour of the shape. I decided to make it longer than I needed, just to make sure it filled the page. As I painted each section, the color from the bleeding tissue paper would bleed into the white. I loved the look it created, it added much more interest to the color than a stark white. Once the painting was dry, I cut the shape out of the rectangular bleeding tissue paper sheet. I carefully glued it into my visual journal using rubber cement and trimmed off the excess esophagus. I overlapped sheets of old and discolored book pages to the top with ripped out pieces of black bleeding tissue paper on top. This tied the top section to my lungs visually, while also giving me a space to write words. Even with the detailed painting, I still felt the background was lacking. I decided to cut out rounded shapes from the book pages to mimic the shape of the lungs and create a sense of movement. I glued them into the background, which helped further tie the book pages into the entire piece. Last, but not least, I used gesso to paint the words “breathe in… breathe out…” over the ripped up tissue paper. In the sections where the words extended beyond the bleeding tissue paper, I went over the letters with black sharpie to help them stand out. CHALLENGE Create a visual journal page about your method to falling asleep. Thanks for taking the time to check out my blog! Help me spread the word about visual journals by following and sharing with others on your social media site of choice. Thanks for stopping by! Your email:   Posted in JournalsTagged altered books, art, art blog, art diary, art education, art in Atlanta, art journal, art teacher, artist journal, artist sketchbook, atlanta, atlanta artist, atlanta ga, bleeding tissue paper, blog, collage, colored pencil, construction paper, craft blog, craft project, craftisim movement, crafts, crafty project, decoration, diary, DIY, do it yourself, georgia artist, how to, journal, look between the lines, lung drawing, lung painting, lungs, lungs and heart, mixed media, painting, patchwork, relationship, sharpie, sketchbook, southern art, teacher, teaching, visual journal, visual journal how to, visual journals, whitney panetta2 Comments Teachers Pay Teachers Site Wide Sale: 20% off Posted on February 6, 2017February 6, 2017 by Whitney Panetta Teachers Pay Teachers has become a more amazing opportunity than I ever thought possible. In less than 6 weeks hub and I will be on our way to Europe. We are headed to Munich, Berlin, and Amsterdam for a nine day tour, paid for in full by my fall Teachers Pay Teachers earnings. Not only am I proud of myself for this accomplishment, but I am incredibly grateful to all of my fellow teachers who have purchased my products. It’s the easiest thing to start doing. I simply take the lesson plans, PowerPoints, and worksheets I already spend time making for my classes, and upload them to TPT. You literally set it and forget it. Jumping on this bandwagon three years ago has created some amazing opportunities for me. Teachers Pay Teachers is hosting a site wide sale starting tomorrow, 2/7/17, running through Wednesday, 2/8/17. I will be running 20% off all my products, which is huge if you have recently checked out my most expensive product, a year long. everything you need for every single day, Intro to Art pack for $75.00, marked down to $60.00. I have also been busy posting some new items the last few weeks. Check out my shop here and details below! My most recent product is one of my favorites, a “Save the Brushes” poster reminding students how to properly clean brushes. The photograph in the background are actual brushes my students have killed in the last year. Check out the poster and more details here. I finally compiled all of my visual journal teaching tools into one bundle pack. This makes it cheaper and easier to get everything you need to introduce and maintain this project through multiple classes and levels of art courses. Check it out here. Right now my team of Literary Magazine students are working on compiling all of our art and writing submissions into our annual magazine. I decided after putting together my multiple how to handouts, that this could be a good resource for teachers new to the Literary Magazine world. Check it out here. After the success of my hand drawn Elements of Art and Principles of Design worksheets, I decided to make digital versions of them. This gives another version for teachers who have already tried my product to use in their classes, and a cleaner version for those who like this look better. I have already uploaded color, shape, line, and form, and am working on the remaining elements. Once they are all done I will bundle them for $10.00 for all seven worksheets, the same price as my hand drawn set. The Principles of Design will be next, be on the lookout in the coming months. I have been working hard at my second job, adding to my TPT store. Although lately I have been spending most evenings creating and uploading products, once they are uploaded they can be continuously downloaded by shoppers without you needing to do anything. I am highly motivated at this point, I need spending money for my European vacation! Thanks for all the support and for checking out my blog! Help me spread the word about art projects, Teachers Pay Teachers, visual journals, and art in general by sharing with others. Thanks for stopping by! Your email:   Posted in Art LessonsTagged altered books, art, art blog, art class decor, art diary, art education, art journal, art lessons, art teacher, art teacher lesson plans, art teacher resources, artist journal, artist sketchbook, brush poster, classroom decoration, collage, craft blog, craft project, craftisim movement, crafts, crafty project, DIY, do it yourself, elements of art, elements of art worksheet, how to, InDesign lesson, journal, lesson plans, Literary magazine, look between the lines, lti mag, mixed media, paint brush poster, principles of design, principles of design worksheets, teacher, teachers pay teachers, teaching, TPT, visual art classroom, visual art handouts, visual journal, visual journal how to, visual journal lesson, visual journals, visul art handouts, whitney panettaLeave a comment Visual Journal Page 19: Fancy Days Posted on December 7, 2016May 12, 2017 by Whitney Panetta This visual journal page was inspired by an image. It’s hard to remember exactly where I first discovered this, but I know it must have been from one of the many art school catalogues that arrive in my school mailbox at least weekly. While I tire of constantly throwing out half the items that find their way into my box, I never tire of looking through student artwork. This woman in her fancy dress is an example of one of the many moments I have as I flip through these magazines. I’m always so impressed with the range of style, level of talent, and crazy creativity people have. These college art catalogues are put together to show the wide range of talent they attract, so you get a piece of each department. An illustration here, a graphic design there, an oil painting in between. So many of these images pique my interest and pull on my heartstrings. When I have a moment with one I carefully tear out the page, and stow it away in my visual journal folder. This image sat in my folder for a long time. It took awhile to find a purpose for it. I knew I loved the image, but I couldn’t quite put my finger on why it appealed to me so much. One day, while in a visual journal idea slump, I flipped back through my saved images, and had another moment while looking at this one. I loved the petal dress that transformed from flower to traditional dress to flower again. And what an absurd, yet beautiful, neck adornment. It took me back to my childhood. To my constant wish to live in the “olden days” so I had a reason to where outrageously puffy dresses everyday. Even as an adult I love the special occasions that call for fancy dresses. Although my preferred daily attire are jeans or pajamas, some days just need to be fancy days. SUPPLIES Visual journal Rubber cement or Mod Podge Magazine cut outs Xacto knife Scissors Book pages Packaging tape Newspaper HOW TO To create this visual journal page I started with the original image of the girl. I cut out it out, and glued it to the right side page. I wanted to emphasize the image, so I cut the yellow pattern background of the original image into strips that went along the contour of the image. I glued those down using rubber cement. On the left hand page I decided to write the sentence: “some days just need to be fancy days.” I wanted to mimic the over the top, decorative style of the dress in the text, so I typed the sentence into a Word document, and choose the frilliest, fanciest font I could find. I printed the text, and carefully cut it out using a combination of scissors and an Xacto knife. Rather than glue the text down and be done with it, I decided to create a equally decorative page on the left side of my visual journal spread. I ripped out and glued down a strip of lighter book page paper in the center of the left page. I ripped out a page from the actual visual journal book, tore it into two strips, and glued them down on either side of the lighter book page. I then created newspaper tape transfers by taking a piece of packaging tape, sticking it to newspaper, and pulling the tape back up. The ink from the newsprint stuck to the tape, and I then taped them down around the lighter center strip of book page paper. Next, I glued a thin strip of darker brown, older book page paper in the middle of the center strip. I emphasized various areas with small pieces of the old book pages. I then used more of the yellow, pattern background of the original image to create a scalloped pattern around the strips of book page paper. Last but not least I glued the text on top of the center section of the left page. CHALLENGE Flip through a magazine and rip out the image that you find most interesting. Create a visual journal page about it. Thanks for taking the time to check out my blog and read about visual journaling! Help me spread the word by sharing with others. Thanks for stopping by! Posted in JournalsTagged altered books, art, art blog, art diary, art education, art journal, art teacher, artist journal, artist sketchbook, blog, collage, craft blog, craft project, craftisim movement, crafts, crafty project, decoration, diary, DIY, do it yourself, how to, image transfer, journal, look between the lines, magazine cut outs, mixed media, patchwork, relationship, sweet celadon, tape transfer, teacher, teaching, visual journal, visual journal how to, visual journals, whitney panettaLeave a comment Posts navigation Older posts …I encourage cyber stalking… Sponsors Thanks to my amazing sponsors who make my blogging life possible! If you would like to have your own advertising space on my blog feel free to email me here. What you may have missed… July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 Blogs I Like Alisa Burke Artsyville Best of Both Worlds Craftaholics Anonymous Doodlers Anonymous Ginger Blue Kate Bigam Burt Post Secret Notes on Paper Stacy Eats Underwood Photo Studio Add your own widgets here Nikkon theme, by Kaira Follow Follow Look Between the Lines Get every new post on this blog delivered to your Inbox. Join other followers:
