TechHive - News, reviews and tips about smart homes, home security, and home entertainment <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-NZGV5J" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Home News Reviews Video Connected Home Appliances Garden & Garage Health Home Control Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Kitchen Lighting Security Cameras Thermostats Entertainment Cord Cutting Home audio Smart TVs Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Streaming services Resources    🔎 Netgear Arlo Go review: This security camera lets you roam free Amazon Echo and Fire TV vs. Google Home and Chromecast Which delivers the best hands-free TV experience? Emerson's Sensi Touch is a big step up from the first-generation Sensi Terk's Trinity Xtend TV antenna tries to double as a Wi-Fi range extender BloomSky weather station/webcam review: Your eye on the sky JBL Flip 4 Bluetooth speaker review: Better-than-expected sound Elgato Eve Degree review: A pricey sensor with limited appeal Primephonic review: High-res streaming for classical music fans Davis Vantage Vue wireless weather station review The best soundbars of 2017 (so far) Hisense H9D Plus 4K UHD with HDR smart TV review Latest Video See All Video Samsung Bixby: Hands on with the AI assistant Windows Mixed Reality vs Hololens In Win's crazy interactive robot PC case Four devices to get a better night's sleep Review: How do the BeatsX compare to the AirPods? Is Google Assistant better than Siri? | The iPhone Show Hands-on: Creative Labs' Sound BlasterX AE-5 is made for gamers Latest Stories Aug 21, 2017 3:00 AM | By Glenn Fleishman Geeni Surge review: This smart surge protector falls short on automation and documentation While it has four individually switchable outlets, the Surge works best only as a manual on/off switch. Aug 18, 2017 3:00 AM | By Michael Ansaldo Netgear Arlo Go review: This security camera lets you roam free This indoor/outdoor security camera runs on batteries and a cellular connection, It doesn't need to be in range of your Wi-Fi network. Aug 17, 2017 4:00 AM | By Séamus Bellamy Kobo Aura H20 Edition 2 review: A waterproof e-reader worthy of your consideration While not indestructible, this Kindle competitor can survive being submerged in water. Cord-Cutter Confidential Aug 17, 2017 3:00 AM | By Jared Newman Google Home and Chromecast vs. Amazon Echo and Fire TV: Which is the best hands-free TV experience? Hands-free remote battle: Amazon Alexa and Fire TV vs. Google Home and Chromecast Aug 16, 2017 3:10 PM | By Thomas Ryan, Jared Newman How to use Miracast to mirror your device's screen wirelessly on your TV—even 4K Everything you need to know to figure out device support between newer and older devices, and setting it up with Windows or Android devices. Aug 16, 2017 10:00 AM | By Michael Simon Google Home hands-free calling is here, but doesn't yet have caller ID Starting Wednesday, you'll be able to make calls to anyone in your contacts through your Google Home speaker, but caller ID is coming later this year. Aug 16, 2017 5:00 AM | By Jason Cipriani, Michael Brown Terk Trinity Xtend review: This TV antenna tries to pull double-duty as a Wi-Fi range extender Two taste treats in one? Or less than the sum of its parts? Aug 16, 2017 3:00 AM | By Jason D'Aprile Emerson Sensi Touch review: A big step up from the first-generation, but it’s not as deluxe as the competition This is a smart and stylish thermostat, but it’s not in the same league as Nest or Ecobee. Aug 15, 2017 10:30 PM | By Andrew Hayward Is the $35 Chromecast a viable Apple TV alternative for iPhone users? It streams media on the cheap, but Google's dongle lacks advanced functionality. Aug 15, 2017 12:25 PM | By Ian Paul Amazon's got a sale on Logitech products today, including an HTPC keyboard for $18 If you need a new mouse, keyboard, or webcam, check out Amazon's Logitech sale today. Aug 15, 2017 5:00 AM | By Ed Oswald BloomSky weather station/webcam review: Your eye on the sky More webcam than weather station (unless you purchase an add-on kit), BloomSky still holds some appeal as an adjunct tool for weather enthusiasts. updated Aug 14, 2017 2:45 PM | By Leah Yamshon Apple Music FAQ: The ins and outs of Apple's streaming music service What kind of playlists can I create? Will Apple Music replace iTunes? We have the answers, and more. « older stories Top Android stories from our new site, Greenbot Five to Try: Hamilton's official app takes its shot, and... updated Galaxy S8 and S8+ case roundup: Protect your investment in... Five to Try: Titanfall: Assault lands on Android, and Kevin... TechHive Newsletter Get our Best of TechHive Newsletter Sign up to receive the top connected-home and home-entertainment news and reviews of the week. TechHive TechHive helps you find your tech sweet spot. We steer you to products you'll love and show you how to get the most out of them. About Us Contact Us Magazines, eBooks & Apps Newsletters RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Ad Choices TechHive Categories Connected Home Cord Cutting Home Audio Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Lighting Smart Appliances Streaming Media Thermostats IDG Network Sites Advertise Permissions Macworld PCWorld Tech Advisor IDG TechNetwork IDG IDG Blog Careers at IDG Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Gamestar Greenbot IDG Connect IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Macworld Network World PCWorld TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
