News, Tips, and Advice for Technology Professionals - TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Academy Videos More Innovation Security Software Data Centers Smart Cities All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Join TechRepublic Log In My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Academy Videos Innovation Security Software Data Centers Smart Cities All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Top Story Want to improve cybersecurity? Try phishing your own employees by Alison DeNisco Cloud Critical software licensing pitfalls to avoid when moving to the cloud by Keith Townsend Hardware Intel boosts 2-in-1 laptop speeds by up to 40% with new 8th-gen quad-core chips by Nick Heath Featured Gallery Photos: NASA's eclipse-chasing jets and amazing images of solar eclipses by Teena Maddox Innovation 3D printing: The smart person's guide by James Sanders Security Video: Simple steps to cyber-safety by Dan Patterson Security Women in cybersecurity: IBM wants to send you to a hacker conference for free Microsoft cloud cybersecurity attacks up 300% in last year, report says If you're really concerned about browser security, Incognito isn't enough Raspberry Pi owners: Update now to block this Wi-Fi hack Cloud CIO Jury: 75% of companies have moved to hybrid cloud Why are companies moving to the cloud? 81% simply fear 'missing out' Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine: The smart person's guide Amazon AI: The smart person's guide Latest from TechRepublic Survey: What business and IT functions are your company using as a service? Is Everything as a Service the future of business? Tech Pro Research is conducting a survey to find out what services companies are already using, and what they're planning to adopt. Amy Talbott · August 21, 2017, 1:00 PM PST See more Cloud How to find fresh tech talent to build your security program VP and CISO at Cisco Systems Steven Martino gives advice on how companies can build their security programs for the long-term. Leah Brown · August 21, 2017, 12:27 PM PST See more CXO Michigan tops the list of US states dominated by robots A report from the Brookings Institution details which US states have deployed the most robots, with the Midwest and South leading the charge. Conner Forrest · August 21, 2017, 12:22 PM PST See more Innovation Cycle Computing will make Microsoft Azure more appealing to more enterprises Cloud computing can make big computing more feasible, but most enterprises need expert help. Microsoft acquired Cycle Computing to provide that expertise. Mark Kaelin · August 21, 2017, 12:17 PM PST See more Software Raptor Computing looks to end X86 domination with POWER9-based Talos II Secure Workstation Raptor Computing has opened preorders for its new POWER9-based performance workstation, scheduled to ship in Q4, 2017. James Sanders · August 21, 2017, 9:38 AM PST See more Hardware How to manage your IT team through company transitions When your company is changing directions but the business strategy hasn't been set, IT can be left in limbo. Here are four ways IT leaders can keep the team productive while dealing with uncertainty. from Tech Pro Research Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Top Story of the Day If you can only read one tech story a day, this is it. Delivered Weekdays Subscribe Why deep learning won't replace its human counterparts anytime soon Deep learning shows more promise every day, but the people that program it will remain essential. Matt Asay · August 21, 2017, 9:16 AM PST See more CXO Is Newton the best mobile email client you're not using? The Newton email app is easy to use and offers several helpful features, but is it worth the $50 per year? Here are some pros and cons to help you decide if it's right for your business. Jack Wallen · August 21, 2017, 8:38 AM PST See more Mobility This is when your business is most likely to get hit by malicious spam attacks New research from IBM determined where, when, and how spammers are most likely to hit your company. Alison DeNisco · August 21, 2017, 8:23 AM PST See more Security Microsoft hits new record for AI speech recognition Microsoft recently achieved a 5.1% word error rate for its speech recognition technology, matching human professionals and setting an industry milestone. Conner Forrest · August 21, 2017, 8:21 AM PST See more Innovation How to manage mobile databases: Tips and best practices Mobile databases can boost accessibility and productivity, but also require a special kind of care and feeding. Learn some tips for success. Scott Matteson · August 21, 2017, 7:48 AM PST See more Mobility Verizon, Ericsson, Qualcomm break Gigabit record with 1.07 Gbps speeds on 4G LTE In an industry first, the telecom providers hit over 1 Gbps on 4G LTE in a lab trial. Here's how. Alison DeNisco · August 21, 2017, 7:17 AM PST See more Networking Musk, tech leaders urge UN to ban AI-powered lethal autonomous weapons A group of 116 tech executives recently penned an open letter urging the UN to double its efforts protecting against autonomous weapons, which some have called 'killer robots.' Conner Forrest · August 21, 2017, 7:12 AM PST See more Security Corporate gaming policy Video games can benefit companies by giving employees a recreational outlet to build cooperation and morale. But they can also create problems if misused. This policy will help you establish the groun... from Tech Pro Research Amazon AI: The smart person's guide Amazon offers robust AI and machine learning capabilities with AWS. Find out how Amazon AI compares to similar offerings from Google and Microsoft. Brandon Vigliarolo · August 21, 2017, 7:04 AM PST See more Cloud Video: Understanding the tech talent shortage Steve Martino, VP and CISO at Cisco Systems explains why cybersecurity needs to be a core component of every organization, and how to create an effective cybersecurity culture in the office. Dan Patterson · August 21, 2017, 6:59 AM PST See All Videos How to use a conditional format to highlight subtotal rows in Excel If your subtotaling rows are lost in a sea of worksheet data, use this simple conditional formatting technique to make those rows easy to spot. Susan Harkins · August 21, 2017, 6:58 AM PST See more Software Video: Simple steps to cyber-safety Anthony Grieco, Senior Director and Trust Strategy Officer at Cisco's Security ant Trust Organization shares two simple things every company should do to improve cybersecurity Dan Patterson · August 21, 2017, 6:05 AM PST See All Videos Tech Pro Research Corporate gaming policy View Now Special Feature The Art of the Hybrid Cloud Read Now Latest From Tech Pro Research Corporate gaming policy IT leader’s guide to achieving digital transformation Hiring kit: IoT developer Configuration management policy Services About Us Membership Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team TechRepublic Academy Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
