BBC - Homepage Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC Homepage   Americans gaze at eclipse wonder Skywatchers in the US are treated to a spectacular coast-to-coast eclipse. Science & Environment Americans gaze at eclipse wonder Trump travel drains Secret Service budget US Trump travel drains Secret Service budget The tragic notes scrawled on Barcelona's trees Europe The tragic notes scrawled on Barcelona's trees Prince 'denied entry to Australian pub' Australia Prince 'denied entry to Australian pub' John Constable 'fake' painting revealed to be worth £2m Entertainment & Arts John Constable 'fake' painting revealed to be worth £2m News As it happened: Solar Eclipse 2017 Skywatchers in the United States are preparing for the spectacular sight of a total solar eclipse. Science & Environment As it happened: Solar Eclipse 2017 Total solar eclipse 'diamond ring' The US witnesses the spectacular effects of its first coast-to-coast solar eclipse in 100 years. Science & Environment Total solar eclipse 'diamond ring' Barcelona van attack driver shot dead An extensive manhunt was under way for 22-year-old Younes Abouyaaqoub. Europe Barcelona van attack driver shot dead Sport Man City 1-1 Everton - Sterling volley cancels out Rooney's 200th Premier League goal Follow live text and BBC Radio 5 live commentary, social media analysis and images as Manchester City host Everton at Etihad Stadium. Football Man City 1-1 Everton - Sterling volley cancels out Rooney's 200th Premier League goal Azarenka pulls out of the US Open Victoria Azarenka confirms she will miss the US Open because of an "ongoing family situation" after separating from the father of her child. Tennis Azarenka pulls out of the US Open Aluko speaks out on 'bullying' claims Striker Eniola Aluko speaks to the BBC about the "bullying and discrimination" she says she was subjected to by England head coach Mark Sampson. Football Aluko speaks out on 'bullying' claims London Weather Edit Mon 16°C Tue 24°C 16°C Wed 24°C 14°C Thu 22°C 14°C Editor’s Picks The town that wakes the world It may come as a surprise, but it’s the loudest place on Earth Travel The town that wakes the world How to survive the end of the world What to do when the apocalypse arrives Future How to survive the end of the world Are you guilty of 'cyberloafing'? Bosses need to get creative if they want workers to stop idly browsing the web Capital Are you guilty of 'cyberloafing'? How an African figurine changed art Its impact on Matisse and Picasso was profound Culture How an African figurine changed art Easy ways to give kids five-a-day Create a balanced and healthy diet with our guide Good Food Easy ways to give kids five-a-day The best and worst cars driven by James Bond The vehicle hits and misses of 007 down the years Top Gear The best and worst cars driven by James Bond Does the world need polymaths? Is there a role in today's world for the polymath - someone who knows a lot about a lot of things? Magazine Does the world need polymaths? Latest Business News 1 J&J to pay $420m over talc cancer case 2 China's Great Wall eyes Fiat Chrysler bid 3 Publisher reverses China censorship move 4 Co-op's stake in bank to fall to 1% 5 The electrified return of the VW Kombi The Boss Business The former child labourer making millions baking cakes The former child labourer making millions baking cakes ADVERTISEMENT Jumpstarting Japan Business 'I couldn't tell my parents I had started a business' 'I couldn't tell my parents I had started a business' Featured video Donald Trump looks directly at the Sun The US president couldn't resist taking a sneaky peek without his protective glasses. US & Canada Donald Trump looks directly at the Sun Recommended Latest Donald Trump looks directly at the Sun US & Canada Donald Trump looks directly at the Sun Informing on dodgy drivers News Informing on dodgy drivers Dad's brain surgery tattoo for daughter UK Dad's brain surgery tattoo for daughter US destroyer crash 'unexplained' Asia US destroyer crash 'unexplained' Watch the eclipse in 60 seconds Science & Environment Watch the eclipse in 60 seconds Tinie Tempah photobomb 'changed my life' Africa Tinie Tempah photobomb 'changed my life' Inside terror suspects' chocolate box town Europe Inside terror suspects' chocolate box town Watching the North watching the South Asia Watching the North watching the South BBC America Top Gear America: watch the premiere William Fichtner, Antron Brown, and Tom 'Wookie' Ford put the pedal to the metal Top Gear America: watch the premiere Schedule Channel Finder BBC World News Hardtalk: Oligarchs Oligarchs have taken over in Moldova, Georgia and Ukraine, says former Georgia president. Hardtalk: Oligarchs Schedule Channel Finder BritBox Introducing BritBox The new streaming service from the BBC and ITV is the biggest collection of British TV in one place. Introducing BritBox Start your free trial Sign In More BBC channels BBC Canada Cbeebies BBC Kids BBC World Service On Air: Newshour More from around the BBC Apple's 'hidden' job advert found online The advertisement for "a talented engineer" begins with the welcome: "Hey there! You found us." Technology Apple's 'hidden' job advert found online Will Jerry Lewis's 'lost' film ever be seen? Twitter users hope The Day the Clown Cried may be released in the wake of the comic's death. Entertainment & Arts Will Jerry Lewis's 'lost' film ever be seen? Dawson's life changed by tick bite A bacterial infection spread through the former England rugby player's body after he was bitten. Health Dawson's life changed by tick bite Android Oreo released by Google The latest version of Android adds new features to help people tackle "notification diarrhoea". Technology Android Oreo released by Google AI experts warn over 'killer robots' A letter to the UN warns the world is getting closer to a dangerous "third revolution in warfare". Technology AI experts warn over 'killer robots' Venezuela star conductor's US tour axed Gustavo Dudamel confirms his US tour with Venezuela's National Youth Orchestra has been cancelled. Latin America & Caribbean Venezuela star conductor's US tour axed Attenborough's stern on the move A section of the UK's new polar research ship will get an early taste of the sea this week. Science & Environment Attenborough's stern on the move From Our Correspondents The end of Washington's second most powerful man By Nick Bryant Why Trump thinks he can win on race By Anthony Zurcher Why is the Philippines softening its China stance? By Karishma Vaswani A White House meltdown in the making By Anthony Zurcher Business mutiny leaves Trump isolated By Simon Jack America - diminished and dismissed By Katty Kay Obama tolerance tweet becomes most liked By Dave Lee Taliban letter to Trump urges withdrawal By Justin Rowlatt Technology of Business Is 'tap and go' a better way to give to charity? Business Is 'tap and go' a better way to give to charity? Business Brain Elvis still earning a fortune 40 years after his death Business Elvis still earning a fortune 40 years after his death World in pictures Week in pictures In Pictures Week in pictures In pictures: Barcelona van attack Europe In pictures: Barcelona van attack Pictures: HMS Queen Elizabeth arrives News Pictures: HMS Queen Elizabeth arrives Africa's week in pictures Africa Africa's week in pictures Galapagos photography competition 2017 In Pictures Galapagos photography competition 2017 BBC in other languages Persian اصابت راکت به محله دیپلماتیک کابل Spanish El Tribunal Constitucional de Chile da luz verde a la despenalización del aborto en tres causales en histórica decisión Urdu بارسلونا: دہشت گرد حملے کا اہم ملزم فائرنگ سے ہلاک Vietnamese XEM TRỰC TIẾP: Nhật thực toàn phần ở Mỹ More Languages Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz Кыргыз Nepali नेपाली Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Portuguese BRASIL Russian НА РУССКОМ Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili SWAHILI Tamil தமிழ் Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Desktop Site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
