PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-K7239P" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Server Hardware Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Intel's Kaby Lake R CPUs promise speedier laptops Oops: Samsung leaks Galaxy Note8 photos Intel images confirm 6-core Core i7 desktop processors, new motherboard requirement AMD Radeon RX Vega review: Vega 56, Vega 64, and liquid-cooled Vega 64 tested Acer Aspire E 15 (E5-575-33BM) review: This low-cost laptop provides incredible value Samsung T5 review: USB 3.1 Gen 2 makes the best SSD even better Xbox One X: Everything you need to know about this powerful gaming console Galaxy Note8: Everything we know about Samsung’s next flagship phablet Hands on with Microsoft's Story Remix, the new tool to make your photos pop Windows 10 S review: Microsoft's OS for students is hard to love How to configure your Chromebook for ultimate security Latest Video See All Video Tips for prolonging your Galaxy S8's battery life When will graphics card prices drop? - Ask the nerds Will AMD's Zen 2 be 7nm? - Ask the nerds CPU sticker tips - Ask the nerds AMD's Ryzen Threadripper is here! What's the latest on Coffeelake? AMD Ryzen Threadripper unboxing and installation Latest Stories Aug 21, 2017 11:52 AM | By Michael Simon Android 8 Oreo is here: What's new, what's changed, and what's awesome We've got everything you need to know about all the new features of Android 8 Oreo. Aug 21, 2017 10:59 AM | By Ian Paul A 500GB Samsung 850 Evo is $150 today With the prices of SSDs as crazy as they've been, $150 for this 500GB model is actually quite decent. Aug 21, 2017 10:41 AM | By Hayden Dingman HyperX Pulsefire FPS mouse review: Popular design meets popular sensor The HyperX Pulsefire "borrows" quite a bit from the Razer DeathAdder. That's not necessarily a bad thing, though it means the Pulsefire does little to distinguish itself from the competition. Aug 21, 2017 7:41 AM | By Brad Chacos Intel 8th-gen packaging confirms 6-core desktop processors, new motherboard requirement The juiciest rumors about desktop 8th-gen Core processors were just confirmed by Intel's website. Aug 21, 2017 6:37 AM | By Hayden Dingman HTC Vive price cut by $200 to battle Oculus Rift's recent deductions After six months of unanswered price cuts, HTC finally drops the price of the Vive and brings it within spitting distance of the Oculus Rift. Aug 21, 2017 5:00 AM | By Hayden Dingman Jurassic World Evolution theme park sim revealed by Planet Coaster's developer Elite Dangerous and Planet Coaster developer Frontier takes on the Jurassic Park license with Jurassic World Evolutions. Aug 21, 2017 3:00 AM | By Glenn Fleishman Geeni Surge review: This smart surge protector falls short on automation and documentation While it has four individually switchable outlets, the Surge works best only as a manual on/off switch. on techhive.com Aug 21, 2017 12:01 AM | By Mark Hachman Intel's 8th-gen Core CPUs could boost laptop performance by 40 percent Intel has officially launched its 8th-generation Core chips for ultrabooks, which will include an unexpected "refresh" of the current Kaby Lake chips, plus future appearances by Coffee Lake and Cannon Lake. Aug 20, 2017 1:40 PM | By Hayden Dingman, Brad Chacos Xbox One X: Everything you need to know about this powerful gaming console Microsoft's long-teased Project Scorpio is now the Xbox One X, a powerful 4K-capable cousin of the Xbox One S. Here are all the details. updated Aug 20, 2017 11:50 AM | By Michael Simon Galaxy Note8: Everything we know about Samsung’s next flagship phablet The follow-up to Samsung's ill-fated Note7, the Galaxy Note8, is just weeks away from its unveiling. Here's what we know about it. Missing Pieces Aug 18, 2017 4:00 PM | By Hayden Dingman This week in games: Destiny "accidentally" pops up on Steam, Civilization goes tabletop, and Animal Farm gets a game adaptation Plus a Planet of the Apes game a la Telltale, Total War: Warhammer II adds the Skaven, Crackdown 3 and Battletech fall victim to delays, and more. This is gaming news for August 14 to 18. Aug 18, 2017 11:50 AM | By Ian Paul Amazon is selling an EVGA 450W PSU for $10 This power supply is super cheap if you file the mail-in rebate. Aug 18, 2017 4:00 AM | By Andrew Hayward Five to Try: Hamilton's official app takes its shot, and Framed 2 revives the comic caper Don't miss this week's hottest new Play Store picks. on greenbot.com Aug 18, 2017 3:37 AM | By Hayden Dingman Elgato Stream Deck review: A streamer's best friend Elgato's programmable Stream Deck wants to make your streaming life easier. Despite glitchy software, it does its job. Aug 18, 2017 3:00 AM | By Michael Ansaldo Netgear Arlo Go review: This security camera lets you roam free This indoor/outdoor security camera runs on batteries and a cellular connection, It doesn't need to be in range of your Wi-Fi network. on techhive.com « older stories Top Android stories from our new site, Greenbot Five to Try: Hamilton's official app takes its shot, and... updated Galaxy S8 and S8+ case roundup: Protect your investment in... Five to Try: Titanfall: Assault lands on Android, and Kevin... PCWorld Digital Magazine IN THE CURRENT ISSUE PCWorld's August Digital Magazine: Intel's Core-i9 Tested Enjoy the best of PCWorld.com in a curated Digital Edition for Android and iOS. BrandPosts Learn More BrandPosts are written and edited by members of our sponsor community. BrandPosts create an opportunity for an individual sponsor to provide insight and commentary from their point-of-view directly to PCWorld's audience. The PCWorld editorial team does not participate in the writing or editing of BrandPosts. CLOSE Sponsored by Heymarket Take Control of Your Communications with Enterprise Texting Sponsored by Sage Payment Solutions Georgia: The “Transaction Alley” for Payment Processing Sponsored by Avnet Life-Changing Technology Shouldn’t Have to Wait PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld Categories Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Permissions Macworld Tech Advisor TechHive IDG TechNetwork IDG IDG Blog Careers at IDG Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Gamestar Greenbot IDG Connect IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Macworld Network World PCWorld TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
