Pink Ninja Blogger | Ohio mommy that loves food, entertainment, travel and everything in between. Pink Ninja Blogger Ohio mommy that loves food, entertainment, travel and everything in between. Home Blog Policy Contact Me Media Kit Meet The Bloggers Entertainment Movies Disney Focus Features Marvel Paramount Sony STX Entertainment Travel Tech Food Recipes Family Children Parenting Relationships Fashion/Beauty Shopping Gift Ideas Deals Freebie Rewards Online Rewards Giveaways Product Reviews You are here: Home Cooking with Kids ~ Fun Shape Veggie Pasta August 14, 2017 by Heather Pfingsten 5 Comments Disclaimer: This is a sponsored post written by me on behalf of Barilla. All opinions are entirely my own No more Teachers, no more books, no more…Wait. Wrong season. It’s not the end of the school year, it’s the end of summer. And you know what that means? That means it is back to school for all our little (and not so little) ones. Among all the chaos and drama of Back to School shopping it can be hard to prepare a decent meal. I mean, all summer long you’ve had nothing but free time to make gourmet meals every day, right? And now those days are numbered with school and activities looming. Well, I don’t know about you, but my summer has been just as hectic as the rest of the year. But now with the added pressure of Back to School … [Read more...] Filed Under: Back to School, Cooking, Food, Parenting, Recipes Tagged With: #BarillaUS, #NoKidHungry, Walmart The Nut Job 2: Nutty By Nature August 11, 2017 by Heather Pfingsten 2 Comments The Godfather, Part II. The Empire Strikes Back. Terminator 2: Judgement Day. The Dark Knight. What do all these movies have in common? Plot? Time Period? Actors? Nope. The only thing they have in common is that they are sequels that surpassed the original. The original may have set up some back story and been an incredible movie. But the sequel was just better. How do I know? Because I’ve seen them all. And last Saturday I was able to see another movie that I think is better than the original. The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature. Now don’t get me wrong, I’m not about to compare the Nut Job 2 to the Godfather, Part II. I will leave that to film historians and the long view of history to make that determination. But as someone who is … [Read more...] Filed Under: Movies Tagged With: #TheNutJob2, Entertainment, Movie, Movie Review, Nut Job Disney’s The Lion King on Digital Aug. 15 & Blu-ray Aug. 29 August 10, 2017 by Heather Pfingsten 4 Comments   One of the biggest animated films in history, The Lion King, the coming-of-age masterpiece, filled with humor and heart, breathtaking animation and soul-stirring Academy Award®–winning music (1994: Best Original Score and Best Original Song, “Can You Feel the Love Tonight”), joins the highly celebrated Walt Disney Signature Collection. The Lion King roars to its rightful place in the Walt Disney Signature Collection on Digital Aug. 15th and on Blu-ray™ Aug. 29th. Audiences will fall in love all over again with the treasured classic, and a new generation of fans will laugh with Timon and Pumbaa, cry with Simba and Mufasa, burst into song, and find their place in the “Circle of Life.” The Walt … [Read more...] Filed Under: Entertainment Tagged With: Disney, Siganture Collection, The Lion King Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 on Digitally in HD and 4K Ultra HD, on 4K Ultra HD and Blu-ray on Aug. 22 August 10, 2017 by Heather Pfingsten 1 Comment Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 marks the Studios first in-home title to release in stunning 4K Ultra HD format, providing consumers with the ultimate home entertainment experience with next-generation high dynamic range visuals and Dolby Atmos immersive audio. Set to the all-new sonic backdrop of Awesome Mixtape #2, the film’s storyline continues the team’s adventures as they traverse the outer reaches of the cosmos. The Guardians (Chris Pratt as Peter Quill/Star-Lord, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, Dave Bautista as Drax, Vin Diesel as the voice of Groot, and Bradley Cooper as Rocket) must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mystery of Peter Quill’s true parentage.  This blockbuster sequel featuring the world’s … [Read more...] Filed Under: Entertainment Tagged With: #GOTGv2, #Obviously, Disney, Entertainment, Guardians of the Galaxy V2, Marvel LG Instaview Refrigerator at Best Buy August 5, 2017 by Erik 4 Comments I have a thing for refrigerators. I don’t mean that in a weird way. Let’s face it, the refrigerator is probably the most used appliance in your house. Even if you don’t cook, you use it. You’re in it multiple times a day, every day, it’s the biggest appliance in your house. So, when I say I have a thing for refrigerators I mean that I want it to be perfect. I don’t want the old olive green thing I grew up with. I want it to be shiny and sleek and fit in and be perfect. With all the bells and whistles I want but in a way that doesn’t annoy me (I’m looking at you ice maker that takes up half the freaking fridge space, you know who you are). One of the things I love about LG is that they actually seem to have the sense to make appliances … [Read more...] Filed Under: Best Buy, Home Tagged With: instaview, Kitchen, LG Next Page » I’m a 30-something Mother and Wife living in the Midwest, more specifically, Cincinnati, OH. My life passions include my family, entertainment, travel, everything food, reading, couponing (yes, I am one of those), product reviews, deal hunting, and general gab (hence the degree in Communication). I love to take in knowledge about anything that I can get my hands on; everything from a new book, the latest technology, to a new recipe. Recent Posts Cooking with Kids ~ Fun Shape Veggie Pasta The Nut Job 2: Nutty By Nature Disney’s The Lion King on Digital Aug. 15 & Blu-ray Aug. 29 Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 on Digitally in HD and 4K Ultra HD, on 4K Ultra HD and Blu-ray on Aug. 22 LG Instaview Refrigerator at Best Buy Tags Amazon Baby Beauty Best Buy Children Cooking Disney Education Entertainment Exclusive Interview Family Family Fun Fashion Focus Features food Foodie Free Blogger Opportunity Fun Gift Card Gift Card Giveaway Giveaway Giveaways Health Home Kids Kids Products Learning Los Angeles Love Marvel Movie movie release Movie Review Movie Trailer Parenting Pets Savings Sweepstakes Tech Toys Travel Travel Blogger Twitter Wellness Women's Fashion Check Us Out Copyright © 2017 · Lifestyle Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
