Hip-Hop Kings | For the Underground. The Unsigned. The Uncompromising Hip-Hop Kings For the Underground. The Unsigned. The Uncompromising About Us Contact Us Shop Exclusive Free Downloads Interviews Music News Reviews Upcoming Releases Videos Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP – 25 Facts Ryan Maxwell • August 18, 2017 Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP As part of our popular 25 facts series. We have 25 facts from the Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP. Check out the EP by clicking the download link below. DOWNLOAD | Frhetoric – Scandinavian Design EP 1. I am objectively the best looking Danish hip-hop artist based in London. Fact. 2. The EP is entirely self-produced. Everything from writing the songs, to composing the instrumentals, to recording the vocals, to mixing and mastering the tracks was done by me. I just couldn’t bear to have non-Scandinavians involved. Sorry, not sorry. 3. The whole process took a few months and much of that time was spent on ‘finding inspiration’ (read: drinking). I wrote many songs prior to these six, none of which made the cut either because they were too offensive or because I tried too hard to make them commercially viable. Finding the middle ground is difficult when you’re bipolar. 4. I listened to a lot of Danish hip hop to get in the mood, because Danish MCs have a knack for being badass motherfuckers without having to mention the number of guns they own, the amount of money they have in the bank, or the amount of STD’s they’ve contracted from groupies. For example, Trepac wrote a song entirely dedicated to making lasagne, and it bangs harder than all the women Ricky Martin has never been with. 5. Prior to releasing the EP, I was advised by several people that using the Danish flag for the cover art could be considered right-wing, nationalistic, and even racist. For this reason, I decided to not only feature the flag on the cover art, but also in the background for the music video and on my face. I hope it ruins the day of many an SJW. 6. The concept art was in part inspired by the Danish hip hop group Suspekt, who released a song about taking our flag back from racist groups, akin to the EDL and National Front, and use it to represent something positive. 7. The instrumental for the title song ‘Scandinavian Design’ features a Viking goat horn, as well as Icelandic football chants. I am aware that Iceland is not actually part of Scandinavia, but no one else is aware of it, so it’s fine. They have actual Vikings. 8. The vocal harmony technique in the beginning of the first two verses of ‘Scandinavian Design’ is totally ripped from US rapper Tech N9ne, who himself has worked with several Danish rappers and producers, because he recognises real craftsmanship. Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP – 25 Facts 9. The video for the lead single was shot by Katarzyna Drazek in my living room, my girlfriend kindly supplied the face paint, and the footage was edited by myself. It was 32 degrees that day, and I had to wipe sweat off my face every five minutes because I was too stingy to buy a fan. Anyone who says you can’t make a dope video on a minimal budget have a lot to learn. 10. ‘Dirty Sneakers’, whilst mainly a song about working hard, is also a critique of rappers’ stereotypical obsession with footwear. Guys, no one cares. Spend your money on something you don’t use to step in shit with. The song is also littered with English idioms about shoes, because I’m edumacated like that. 11. ‘Burn Rubber’ is not about speeding in cars, but a metaphor for rough intercourse. It was a sincere attempt at writing a love song to my girlfriend. Her response to it was that I disclosed too many intimate details about our love life, and also that I had stolen several of her everyday expressions for the lyrics. We’re still together, but a lawsuit is pending. 12. The intro to ‘Burn Rubber’ features a sample from a Danish travel agency commercial called ‘Do It For Denmark’, in which Danes are offered a refund if they conceive during their holiday. We have low birth-rates and are rapidly disappearing, so we need more babies. 13. ‘Dizzy’ was inspired by my long-time friend from Denmark. I asked him what the plan for the day was, and he replied ‘whatever makes us dizzy’. The song opens with my general attitude towards corporate life (“go ahead and send my P45”) and continues to describe my general relationship with alcohol (“one is too many, ten isn’t enough”). 14. ‘Privilege’ is the only song on the EP that isn’t tongue in cheek. It is inspired by another song written by the Danish artist Jooks, but takes a more international perspective. Having followed the rise of far-left hysteria for a while now, and being repeatedly told to ‘check my privilege’ by middle-class university graduates, I decided to do just that. At the same time, I also decided to check everyone else’s privilege and lay it out very bluntly in this song. If you’re reading this, chances are that you too are privileged. 15. ‘Sui Generis’ was originally not supposed to be on the EP. The song was written in anger over the fact that a particular music video production company refused to work with me due to my accent and skin colour. Their loss. Since the lyrics reference Danish pastries and Brexit, it seemed like a good way to wrap up the EP. 16. The video for ‘Sui Generis’ was shot in Ravensbourne University studios by Katarzyna Drazek and edited by myself. Once we had finished shooting it and had packed up the gear, we walked past a room occupied by a fencing club who were busy practising. On a whim, I asked their leader if we could film them practising and use it for an ‘art project’. Without asking what the ‘art project’ was about, he immediately ordered two of the fencers to spar in front of the camera. Big up to them, may they all go on to slay dragons. 17. Ravensbourne University was coincidentally also home to Polish rapper and producer iKon, who I am in the process of making an EP with. This is not me plugging my next EP, but it totally is. Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP – 25 Facts 18. Speaking of shameless plugging, Scandinavia is known for loving metal music. The reason for that is that it’s very cold and dark most of the year, so metal is very appropriate. Because it’s so appropriate, I’m currently working on a rap/metal project with my band Rosen, which you should check out. 19. For the nerds, the music for ‘Scandinavian Design’ was entirely made using stock Logic Pro X instruments and plugins. It’s all about the ear and not the gear, as they say. 20. This is the first music project I’ve created where I’ve chosen to enlist some PR agents to promote it. Without Blatantly Blunt PR and Tiger Blue PR, I wouldn’t be drinking Cristal while writing this. 21. Danish people are known for their incredibly annoying sarcasm. We have that in common with you Brits. Swedish people don’t understand sarcasm, however, so don’t try it over there. 22. Danish people, similarly to the British, are also very self-deprecating – see the song ‘Dirty Sneakers’. We take it a step further, however, and have it enshrined into Danish law. Look up ‘the Law of Jante’ for more on that. 23. In Britain, you think you’re eating bacon. You’re not. You’re eating small gammon steaks that you pretend is bacon. Bacon is supposed to be thin and streaky, so it becomes crisp when you fry it. I hope this EP will inspire some of you to seek out real bacon. 24. Danish pastries are known worldwide, to the point where even French pastries are mislabelled as ‘Danishes’. Naturally, we don’t call them Danish pastries in Denmark. We call them ‘wienerbrød’ (Viennabread) – don’t ask. 25. Generally, very little is known about my home country of Denmark, apart from the fact that we supply the world with bacon, pastries, and a terrible beer known as Carlsberg. The truth is that Carlsberg is not a bad beer, but they’ve chosen to water it down for the British market – hence the bad rep. You should visit us and try the real thing, if you can afford it. Tags: Frhetoric Category: Exclusive View Post Da Flyy Hooligan – Romero Bryan Ryan Maxwell • August 18, 2017 Da Flyy Hooligan – Romero Bryan The man Da Flyy Hooligan returns to Hip-Hop Kings with his latest single Romero Bryan. We’ve got the visuals which were premiered by Complex. DOWNLOAD ROMERO BRYAN | Da Flyy Hooligan – Fucc Ya Life Praise Mine Hip-Hop Kings fans are fully aware of Da Flyy Hooligan after he’s been regularly featured over the years. The new single is a track taken from the latest EP “Fucc Ya Life Praise Mine”. The project can be downloaded from the link listed above. 5 tracks of fire made the EP one of our favourites this year. We’ve posted the official tracklisting below as well. Please check out the previous Da Flyy Hooligan tracks in the archives. Show support and download the EP from the link listed above. We’ll continue to promote the new music as soon as it reaches our inbox. 1. Clicc Suit prod by G.I. 2. Pin Rolls prod by Bad Company 3. Sauvage prod by Bombay 4. Romero Bryan prod by Agor 5. Maserati Dreamin prod by Sonny Jim Tags: Da Flyy Hooligan Category: Videos View Post Phoenix Da Icefire – Winged Scarab Mixtape Volume 1 Ryan Maxwell • August 11, 2017 Phoenix Da Icefire – Winged Scarab Mixtape Volume 1 Triple Darkness member and UKHH rapper Phoenix Da Icefire has dropped his new mixtape today. Winged Scarab Mixtape Volume 1 is now available to download from Bandcamp. DOWNLOAD | Winged Scarab Vol.1  The 17 track project has been in the works for a while. As fans of Phoenix Da Icefire, it’s great to see Winged Scarab Mixtape Volume 1 finally available. Guest appearances on the mixtape include M9, Da Flyy Hooligan, Ray Vendetta and the legendary Cormega among others. Please use the link above to download the mixtape today. Join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #HHKMusic to let us know what you think as well. You can view the artwork, download link and official tracklisting for Phoenix Da Icefire – Winged Scarab Mixtape Volume 1 here. 1. Intro 2. Philosophers Stone 3. Ma’at ft M9 4. Bloody Battle Grounds ft Timbo King 5. Salvadors Pens 6. Black Tragedy ft Jah Miracle, Black Prophet, iVerse 7. Trichotomy 8. Gold Plated 9. Crow Bar Head Topper ft Iron Braidz aka Da Flyy Hooligan, Ray Vendetta 10. Microphone Highlander 11. Do My Thing ft Cormega, D Martian 12. The Color Pain 13. People Of Light ft Rasputin 14. Cinnamon Sweet ft Alfred 15. Verbal Gunslingers 16. Respect The Game 17. The Abyss Tags: phoenix da icefire Category: Music View Post Prof Drops New Time Bomb Video Ryan Maxwell • August 10, 2017 Prof – Time Bomb Video Rhymesayers artist Prof presents the new Time Bomb video. Fans of Trailer Park Boys will be overjoyed with this one. It’s clear that the Time Bomb video takes inspiration from Trailer Park Boys. Many of the YouTube comments show fans quickly picking up on this, alongside a very famous guest appearance in the video (we won’t spoil it). Prof spoke on the idea behind the video. “If you’ve ever seen Trailer Park Boys, then you know the inspiration for this video. The director’s bitch ass thought that would be fun to emulate. I was like, ‘why not’? I’ve never been to a trailer park. So we decided to go to one, get drunk for a couple days, and make a music video. I shaved my head bald, a girl in the video quit her job, and she almost died. It was fun as hell to shoot. Who doesn’t like professionally choreographed dance scenes in front of trailers? If you haven’t seen Trailer Park Boys, then take a look at this stupid-ass feel good video featuring all the fleekest baes.” You can watch the official video for Prof – Time Bomb on the YouTube player below. Tags: prof, Rhymesayers Category: Videos View Post 60 East – Finally Home ft Cam Meekins Ryan Maxwell • August 9, 2017 60 East – Finally Home ft Cam Meekins Making his return to Hip-Hop Kings is 60 East with the new single “Finally Home”. 60 East teams up with former Atlantic Records artist Cam Meekins. Fans will be familiar with 60 East as he’s been featured a number of times in the past couple of years. Finally Home is a collaborative effort with former Atlantic Records artist Cam Meekins. 60 East offers the single which serves as a follow-up to “The Freeway Series Volume 2”. Finally Home has been uploaded to soundcloud (embedded player below). It’s also available on YouTube. DOWNLOAD | 60 East – The Freeway Series Vol.2 We’ve also heard from 60 East that he will be throwing his own music festival in September in Ontario, Canada. Making a huge statement with the festival, the legendary eLZhi will be headlining the event. Further information is available on 60 East’s official website. Make sure you grab The Freeway Series Vol.2 on the link above. We’ve also posted the artwork and tracklisting here. 01. The Feeling 02. Yearbook 03. Smoke One 04. Without You 2 05. Top 10 06. Almost There 07. Finally Home (ft Cam Meekins) Tags: 60 east, cam meekins Category: Music View Post Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP Ryan Maxwell • August 4, 2017 Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP Making his debut on Hip-Hop Kings is Danish rapper Frhetoric. We’re keen to get some feedback on the new Frhetoric Scandinavian Design EP. DOWNLOAD | Frhetoric – Scandinavian Design EP The Frehetoric Scandinavian Design EP is the latest offering from the Danish rapper. Frhetoric (Frederik mixed with rhetoric) has been described as “bridging the gap between mainstream and conscious Hip-Hop“. The very dark vibes are complemented with some equally grimy visuals. Frhetoric has released the video for Scandinavian Design which is the EP title track. You can watch on the YouTube player below. Make sure you’re keeping up to date with the new music and news by following Frhetoric on Twitter (@FrhetoricMusic) Tags: Frehetoric, Music Category: Music View Post 25 Facts on Tone Chop and Frost Gamble – Respect is Earned Not Given Ryan Maxwell • August 3, 2017 Tone Chop and Frost Gamble – Respect is Earned Not Given 25 Facts It’s that time again, and Tone Chop and Frost Gamble are the 1st ever artists to give us two sets of 25 facts. Respect is Earned Not Given is the upcoming album, and here are 25 facts about the project. Enjoy. PRE-ORDER | Respect is Earned Not Given 1. Chop had the title ‘Respect is Earned Not Given’ in mind for about a year prior. “I feel like you should have to earn your respect on the mic lyrically. Rappers got it too easy these days because of social media and whatnot.” 2. It was always a dream of Chop’s to do a song with Kool G. Rap. “I feel so blessed Frost made it happen. Walk the Walk featuring Kool G. Rap is out now and is catching fire as we speak!” 3. One of Chop’s favorite tracks on the album is ‘Beat Knocking’. “It’s simple and catchy but still dope lyrically and the beat makes me wanna keep writing verses to it.” 4. We both stepped our game up on this album. As much as we love the Veteran EP, this project is just better in all areas. 5. Chop wrote the album intro using ALL of the song titles from the 2016 Veteran EP. 6. “Inspiration” and “It’s Hip Hop” lyrics were actually written to Jay-Z‘s “Momma Loves Me” instrumental, then sent to Frost. He produced a whole new beat for each, gave them the final touches needed, and I think they both came out great. Tone Chop – Respect is Earned Not Given 7. DJ Waxamillion – who does the cuts on “Slow Flow” – has been a friend of ours for over 30 years and has been DJing in upstate NY that whole time. 8. If Chop could be anything else in the world, he would be a superhero… to save Hip Hop from the terrible state it’s currently in ! 9. Bigga Haitian – featured on World Struggle – is a pioneer and legend of the Haitian reggae scene. Wyclef Jean cites him as an influence, and it was an honor to get him on this album. 10. “Bing Stories” is based on true events. “Bing” is short for Binghamton, NY – our hometown. 11. Frost began working with Tragedy Khadafi in 2016, for his forthcoming compilation project “I Missed My Bus” – which led to his feature on “Here I Go”. Now, Tragedy and Frost are working on a full album together. 12. White Rhino, featured on “Guillotine Chop”, is an up-and-coming Canadian MC who Frost has been mentoring for some time. Look for more collaborations in the future! 13. “Guillotine Chop” is also the 1st time that we have worked with Planet Asia, but not the last! Frost Gamble – Respect is Earned Not given 14. “See You Again” is also a true story of a beautiful life lost, one that was very personal and difficult for Chop to share. 15. “Get Beat Down” was made to be fight music, listen to it if you need to get pumped up before a challenge! 16. Respect Is Earned Not Given’s release is the first time that our physical CDs will be sold through global distribution. Cop one! 17. The samples used on the album were drawn from a wide variety of genres – soul, funk, r&b, prog rock, jazz and more were all incorporated. 18. Chop is known as “The Bing King”, for being a pioneer and legend in the upstate NY Hip Hop scene for three decades. 19. We have an animated video for “Bing Stories” that will drop in a few weeks – shout to Dion Johnson who did an amazing job with it. 20. The album cover is a digital photo (by Brett Enquist) of a canvas painted by Winnipeg graffiti OG Zed-One. Tone Chop and Frost Gamble – Respect is Earned Not Given 21. Chop & Frost recorded nearly 30 songs in preparation for this album, then selected the best and most cohesive for the final 14. We are very proud of what we turned in! 22. DNA, the world’s most viewed battle rapper, is featured on “In the Streets” – a reflection on how battle rap has changed over the years. DNA has rhymed on a few Tone Chop beats before (yes, Chop makes beats too!) 23. The Veteran EP was Chop & Frost’s first release to achieve international and satellite radio spins. 24. Chop, Frost, ZotheJerk and White Rhino are casually known as “the Nostalgia Clic”, for focusing on the traditional elements of Hip Hop and lyricism. 25. Hip Hop Kings has been a great supporter of Chop & Frost – and we appreciate it very much!! Tags: 25 facts, frost gamble, tone chop Category: Exclusive View Post Lissen Up Episode 5 – Keemy (Video) Ryan Maxwell • August 2, 2017 Lissen Up Who doesn’t love a good Hip-Hop showcase or documentary? Lissen Up is a new Hip-Hop beatmakers showcase featuring some sick production talent. Episode 5 is the latest in the series. Lissen Up is fan by a familiar name (K-Nite) who’s done work with Kinetik and Skillit among some other UK Hip-Hop artists. In this new showcase, we’ve been given the go-ahead to share Episode 5 on Hip-Hop Kings. Episode 5 teams up with Keemy who brings his Sp303 for viewers, and provides some very chill sounds. There are of course previous episodes of the series you can watch. The first four are available on YouTube. Please make sure you go back and listen (pun intended) to those. Showcasing upcoming producers and talent is very important. Special shouts to K-Nite who is doing just that. Listen Up can be found on all Social Media platforms so please spend some time in following the accounts. You can watch Lissen Up Episode 5 – Keemy (Video) on the YouTube player below. Tags: lissen up, Video Category: Videos View Post Swami Baracus – I Dont Really Know Ya Pt 2 (Video) Ryan Maxwell • July 31, 2017 Swami Baracus – Dont Really Know Ya Pt 2 Swami Baracus returns to Hip-Hop Kings with his latest video for the single I Dont Really Know Ya Pt 2. The video has been hosted by GRM Daily. Swami Baracus presents I Dont Really Know Ya Pt2 as a sequal to the original. Part one was posted on Hip-Hop Kings in September 2016. The original had it’s proceeds donated to the MS Society charity. Part two is bigger and better than ever. Swami Baracus calls upon his friends ShaoDow, Nutty P, Genesis Elijah, Abiade and Zuby as guest appearances. Each artist comes through and delivers a hard verse over the banger. It’s the first we’ve heard from Swami Baracus in a while, we’ll be sure to catch up and see what’s happening. If any new music or news reaches our inbox we promise to share it. In the meantime, enjoy the new video and drop a comment to show support. Join the conversation on Twitter (@HipHopKingsUK) and  follow Swami Baracus (@SwamiBaracus) too. You can watch Swami Baracus – I Dont Really Know Ya Pt2 (Video) on the YouTube player below. Tags: abiade, genesis elijah, nutty p, shaoDow, swami baracus Category: Videos View Post Mike Melinoe Begonia Video Ryan Maxwell • July 28, 2017 Mike Melinoe Begonia video We’ve got the brand new Mike Melinoe Begonia video. which has finally been released after we blogged the single back in November 2016. Mike has reached out to Hip-Hop Kings after the official video went live today. ELEVATOR have hosted the Mike Melinoe “Begonia” video. which is starting to get shared and viewed in the Hip-Hop world. We fully expect Mike’s fans to jump all over this, along with the blog and online magazine support he frequently gets. Shouts to @WorthySire who has been credited for filming and editing the video. EXCLUSIVE | Mike Melinoe – A Night with Hanabi 25 Facts Hip-Hop Kings have been treated to other new Mike Melinoe content recently. Universal Aspiration was shared earlier in July on Hip-Hop Kings and well received. Beforehand, Mike gave 25 facts about “A Night with Hanabi” which is the latest project. You can read the facts and also download the 10-track project, so please show support. Mike Melinoe touches on his artistic side, along with his musical side. Also, how the idea of “A Night with Hanabi” came to light. Look out for plenty of more music from Mike in the second half of 2017. Watch the brand new Mike Melinoe – Begonia music video on the video player below. Tags: mike melinoe, Video Category: Videos View Post Page 1 of 45712345...102030...»Last » SEARCH Hip-Hop Kings Freestyle Playlist Hip-Hop Kings Interview Playlist The Kings of New York Interviews © Hip-Hop Kings 2017. All rights reserved. Business WordPress Themes
